Audio Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Harman International
(gehört zu Samsung Electronics)
Garching bei München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
HARMAN’s engineers and designers are creative, purposeful and agile. As part of this team, you’ll combine your technical expertise with innovative ideas to help drive cutting-edge solutions in the car, enterprise and connected ecosystem. Every day, you will push the boundaries of creative design, and HARMAN is committed to providing you with the opportunities, innovative technologies and resources to build a successful career.
A Career at HARMAN
As a technology leader that is rapidly on the move, HARMAN is filled with people who are focused on making life better. Innovation, inclusivity and teamwork are a part of our DNA. When you add that to the challenges we take on and solve together, you’ll discover that at HARMAN you can grow, make a difference and be proud of the work you do everyday.
About the Job
You are a passionate AI professional, who is enthusiastic about automotive electronics and wants to define the future in-cabin user experience.
Join our Automotive AI Lab as Data Engineer. Collaborating with global automotive, audio, AI/ML, and MLOps expert teams, you will implement compelling automotive sound solutions. You will develop, manage, and maintain ETL (extraction, transformation, loading) solutions for the next generation of innovative vehicle and IVI (in-vehicle infotainment) sound products. Owning the full data pipeline, you will provision your team with audio and related data in all phases of the product lifecycle.
What You Will Do
Develop and optimize ETL solutions for multiple data sources (e.g. vehicle, consumer devices, and context information)
Work together with automotive and audio domain subject matter experts, AI architects, and data scientists to develop data architectures and pipelines
Identify and integrate data sources including synthetic data and manage data collection
Manage large scale data sets incl. feature engineering, labelling, cataloging, and versioning
Analyze datasets, create reports and visualizations
What You Need
Bachelor's degree in computer science or comparable practical experience
3 years of industry engineering experience in big data technologies including data collection and ETL process for extracting value from large datasets from multiple sources
Demonstrated experience in building and optimizing data pipelines
Relevant practical experience with big data technologies, AI/ML tech stacks, tool chains, databases, data collection, synthetic data, and simulators (e.g. SageMaker, Kafka, Apache Spark, Hadoop, Python, Java)
Preferred Qualifications
Experience working with automotive services or products and car audio domain knowledge
Experience in collecting and processing large scale automotive fleet data
Knowledge of Machine learning frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow etc.
What Makes You Eligible
Willingness to travel up to 10%, domestic and international travel
Be willing to work in an office or home office in Garching, Germany
What We Offer
HARMAN offers a diverse and inclusive work environment that fosters and encourages career development opportunities, professional training and competitive market base compensation
Hybrid work conditions
You will also receive top-notch employee discounts on Harman’s Consumer Audio (JBL, AKG, HARMAN Kardon) and Samsung products
Flexible work schedule with a culture encouraging work life integration and collaboration in a global friendly working atmosphere and good work-life-balance
Attractive salary package based on the Metall & Elektro Tarif Baden Wurttemberg and an Employer contribution towards a company pension plan
Professional development opportunities through HARMAN University’s business and leadership academies which also includes extensive technical trainings
Internal talent management leadership acceleration programs
“Be Brilliant” employee recognition and rewards program
#LI-TR1
#LI-Hybrid
HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity /Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment, challenging career opportunities, professional training and competitive compensation. (
www.harman.com
)
Diesen Job melden