Data Science Manager (m/f/d)
AVIV Group
Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Company Description


About us

We’re one of the world’s largest privately owned real estate tech companies and a subsidiary of Axel Springer. Our mission is to unlock everyone’s perfect place! Some of Europe’s best known digital real estate marketplaces and brands form part of our Group, they are: Meilleurs Agents, Groupe SeLoger, Immoweb, Immowelt, Housell and Yad2.

We also invest in innovative business models which shape the future of how people buy, sell, rent or lend properties and hold minority participations in companies such as: PurpleBricks, Homeday, Zumper and Parcel.

Our ambition is to be the leading Employer in PropTech across Europe and this is a pivotal time to join us as we embark on this journey enabling us to help unlock everyone’s perfect place!

We are an equal opportunities employer and place where everyone is welcome. We strongly encourage people from minority backgrounds, LGBTQIA+, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - she/her/hers, he/him/his, they/them/theirs, etc).

Data Science at AVIV

At Aviv our mission is to revolutionize how people experience the real estate market. To achieve this goal, data-driven solutions and tailor-made algorithms are key. We are seeking a Manager to lead our cross-functional team based in Germany (4 direct reports); having strong interactions with our software engineering teams in Paris/Brussels.

This role will be responsible for driving the vision and execution of predictive scoring systems, aligning our efforts with broader company objectives. This role requires a balance of leadership, technical expertise, and strategic thinking to push the boundaries of what's possible with data. As part of the cross-functional "Hydrogen" team you will work directly with our partners in Product and Tech to develop and provide scores and predictions in various contexts.



Job Description


Responsibilities

Develop and implement strategic plans for the Data Science team in alignment with company goals.
Lead a team of data scientists.
Work collaboratively with Product and Tech teams to integrate predictive models and scores into product development and decision-making processes.
Mentor and develop the team in the latest data science methodologies, fostering a culture of continuous learning and innovation.
Oversee the design and deployment of predictive models and machine learning algorithms.
Translate complex data-driven insights into clear, actionable recommendations for key stakeholders.


Qualifications


Qualifications

Master's degree or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field.
Proven experience in a leadership role within Data Science, preferably in a cross-functional environment.
Strong technical proficiency in data analysis, predictive modeling, machine learning, and AI.
Proficiency in Python, PySpark, and related data science tools.
Strong understanding of data infrastructure, data pipelines, and data engineering principles.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to translate complex data into actionable business insights.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively with teams across different departments.
Track record of strategic decision-making based on data-driven insights.
Experience in mentoring and developing teams.
Demonstrated expertise in advanced data science techniques
Ability to guide and oversee multiple projects simultaneously
Strong mentoring and coaching skills to develop team members
Experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams
Strong communication and presentation skills to convey complex concepts
Ability to identify new opportunities and drive innovation

Additional Information


What we offer you:

Joining a highly successful business in a fast- pacing market, leveraging a proven model, great brands, many outstanding people, considerable financial firepower, and a strongly supportive board to lead the company through its next phase of growth
Working with a great international team and full ownership from day one
Diesen Job melden