Product Owner (UX)
Revolut
Deutschland
6.600 € – 10.000 € pro Monat
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Office: Berlin | Dublin | Krakow | London | Madrid | Porto | Vilnius
Remote: Germany | Ireland | Lithuania | Poland | Portugal | Romania | Spain | UK
About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, more freedom. And since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. With an arsenal of awesome products that span spending, saving, travel, transfers, investing, exchanging and more, our super app has helped 28+ million customers get more from their money. And we're not done yet.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth, we believe that two things are essential to continuing our success: our people and our culture. So far, we have 6000+ people working around the world, from our great offices or remotely, on our mission. And we're looking for more. We want brilliant people that love building great products, love redefining success, and love turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful solution.

About the role

In the Revolut RocketShip, there’s not many teams more important than Product. To put it simply: there’s no lift off without these guys. Frankly, there’s no rocket. Every one of our award winning features started here and all our future ones will too.

The team’s scope is wide, leading on the integration of engineering, data science, operations and design. But when it comes to our vision of reinventing financial services, they’re laser focused.

Product Owners at Revolut hold the helm If you join the Dream Team, you’ll have sole responsibility over the roadmap of your product. Total ownership. The people, the profit, the loss, all in your hands. It’s fast paced. Very much so. But if you can manage all that - and bring with it a bottle full of entrepreneurial passion - then you’re probably the captain we’re looking for

What you’ll be doing

Set your team's goals, success metrics and roadmap to align with Revolut’s mission and drive maximum impact based on data analysis, market research and company strategy
Completely own your team's products, existing or new, from ideation, through development, to launch, growth and maintenance
Work closely with Design and UX Research to define customer journey and create amazing user experience; liaise with Engineering to ensure effective delivery of the product
Collaborate with other stakeholders, such as Product Marketing, Legal, and Product Strategy

What you'll need

2+ years of working with a high-growth tech company or working in banking/finance-related business areas such as acquiring, payments, cryptocurrency, insurance, and so on
2+ years of proven success leading consumer-facing mobile products
1+ years of experience in managing people (Product Owners at Revolut directly manage Engineering, Operations, and Design)
Outstanding written and oral communication skills
An eye for great UX/UI and good understanding of design best practices
High analytical acumen along with strong business sense that guides ROI based prioritisation
Experience formulating and driving a focused product vision, and owning the narrative with leadership, users, and partners
Abias to action and bootstrapping major projects, never hesitant to roll up your sleeves and be hands on
Experience leading product development from zero to first release and beyond
Readiness to provide insight and deliver measurable results for sophisticated products under ambiguous situations in a fast-paced environment

Nice to have

BS/BA degree from a leading university/college

Compensation range

Vilnius: €6,600 - €10,000 gross monthly*
Lithuania: €6,600 - €10,000 gross monthly*
Other locations: Compensation will be discussed during the interview process
Final compensation will be determined based on the candidate's qualifications, skills, and previous experience

Building a global financial super app isn’t enough. Our Revoluters are a priority, and that’s why in 2021 we launched our inaugural D&I Framework, designed to help us thrive and grow everyday. We're not just doing this because it's the right thing to do. We’re doing it because we know that seeking out diverse talent and creating an inclusive workplace is the way to create exceptional, innovative products and services for our customers. That’s why we encourage applications from people with diverse backgrounds and experiences to join this multicultural, hard-working team.

Refer to our Data Privacy Statement for Candidates for details on our data handling practices during your application.

Diesen Job melden