Data Science / ML Engineer (all genders)
Going Beyond Group GmbH
81671 München
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
JOIN US

Join us if you want to leverage your skills to contribute to a worthwhile future by building the tools that help European companies master the sustainability transformation.

At Code Gaia you will work at the intersection of software, sustainability and business. We are building the operating system for sustainable organizations. The time has come when the world needs a solution that makes sustainability as manageable for any business as its other resources. Join our fast growing Germany based company building an easy-to-use SaaS solution that enables companies to analyze, optimize and report on their sustainability.

If you're not yet convinced that this is a great opportunity to make an impact, check out the European Green Deal, CSRD or EU Taxonomy and get a glimpse of what lies ahead.

We are looking for a passionate engineer to join our highly efficient core team. An exciting journey to the number 1 sustainability platform for SMEs in Europe is waiting for you and you can be part of it.

WHAT YOU DO

You will...

co-own our data processing pipeline and make sure our clients’ data is processed correctly and reliably
create and maintain components for document processing and information extraction
work mainly within the Python data science ecosystem and supplement other tools as appropriate
create machine learning models and apply them in production
interact with the rest of the team to gather data and information and provide results and insights
research and get creative on the best solutions to solve business challenges

WHO YOU ARE

You...


have a broad view of data science methods, with at least one area where you have practical experience (such as deep learning methods, natural language processing, etc.)
have 2+ years of experience working in a data science, data engineering or related role, or comparable experience
are a proficient Python developer and open to learning new technologies
take ownership of your solutions end-to-end, including debugging, deployment and maintenance
are a good communicator who enjoys reaching out to others and gathering constructive feedback
are based in Germany

WHAT TO EXPECT

Hybrid Work & Freedom | We strongly believe that every work environment needs to be ideal and fitted to the person. For this very reason, our team members work remotely or in our offices in Munich or Berlin – in their own much needed way. That’s how we can ensure that all our talents have much freedom to create the best results possible.

Ownership & Impact | At Code Gaia, all our team members have a voice. We value every opinion and encourage all to speak their mind. Only with team effort, we can create something meaningful. We believe in our team and therefore, give them much ownership. Even if we fail, we learn from it, get back up and continue to succeed. It is part of the game and we know it.

Personal & Professional Growth | Your development is our priority. With our intensive onboarding, feedback talks and trainings, we foster your personal and professional development. One of our core value is “Keep Growing” which we portray in everything we do. If you want to learn German, we offer professional German classes.

Best Equipment, Tech Stack & Processes | You work with proven processes, but you are invited to challenge them at anytime. Furthermore we want you to become as productive as possible -Tell us what you need to be productive.

Competitive salary package | We offer a fair salary and if you are open for it virtual shares. Code Gaia is about to skyrocket and we want you to be part of it and participate on our growth journey.

Team Events | We know working solely remotely can make it difficult to build a strong team spirit. However, at Code Gaia we focus deeply on team building by hosting various team events throughout the year. Check out the last LigaConvent of our company group. We understand the need of interaction face-to-face and strongly encourage it.

Impact driven & passionate team | Last, but not least, we are the most impact driven team you can imagine. We love working together and live our company values everyday and Code Gaia compensates your personal carbon footprint.

Is it a Match?

Send us your documents and we will contact you as soon as possible. We are already looking forward to getting to know you!

About us

With Code Gaia, we ask the following question: How can we build a sustainable economy that inspires? At Code Gaia, we believe in inventions that add value to the world and create change because they persuade. The time has come when the world needs a solution that makes sustainability as manageable for any business as its other commodities. Join us if you want to build the SaaS solution for the environmentally conscious age!

Code Gaia is a Munich based StartUp and was founded as Spenoki (former company name) in 2020 - as the easiest way - to analyze, optimize and report Corporate Sustainability. Today we develop a whole range of productivity and consulting tools to simplify all the tricky parts of the holistic corporate sustainability process and thus do our bit for the planet.

Diesen Job melden