Data Scientist (all genders welcome)
ROSEN Group
49811 Lingen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
DESCRIPTION
For our development team in Lingen (Ems) or Osnabrück we are looking for a

Data Scientist (all genders welcome)

Data science refers to the extraction of knowledge from data. We achieve this through the use of the most modern tools from the areas of big data, high performance computing and artificial intelligence, especially deep learning. Our solutions in the area of predictive analytics allow the safe operation of critical infrastructures. An agile way of working and technological expertise enable us to master the greatest challenges. You will become part of our self-organizing teams, in which an exchange of knowledge with colleagues from different departments is inherent. We have the highest demands on ourselves to learn new things and to perfect old things. In this way, we are prepared for the future.

RESPONSIBILITY:

Development of algorithms for the detection and classification of objects from data, that has been measured by our pipeline inspection equipment
Active participation and influencing towards technology trends in the areas of High Performance Computing, NoSQL Databases and Big Data
Collection, preparation, processing and analysis of large heterogeneous data sources
Development of algorithmic methods in the areas of Signal Processing, Machine Learning and Computer Vision, and the use of 3rd party components
Preparation of algorithms in minimum viable product (MVP) form, with a strong focus and commitment towards customer experience
Interdisciplinary teamwork with, for example, the integration of algorithms into our software applications
REQUIREMENTS
To become part of the ROSEN family, you are team minded and convince by an independent and structured work behavior. Moreover, you should bring with you:

Degree in Information Technology, Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science or comparable field of study (Ph.D. level is also desirable)
Experience in the area of Computer Vision, especially with respect to Pattern Recognition and Segmentation
Demonstrable skills in the area of Applied Statistics and Data Mining
High level problem solving skills in the area of Machine Learning, Parameter Extraction and Classification
Sound knowledge of Applied Mathematics (Linear Algebra, Optimization Methods, Stochastics)
Ability to program in at least one object oriented Programming Language (e.g. Python, C/C++ or Java)
Good verbal and written English communication skills
OUR OFFER
Development opportunities and career opportunities in a global, innovative and long-term oriented group of companies with family character
Flexible working time and Home Office possible
An open, informal corporate culture, where we celebrate success with social events
Compatibility of work and family through our company-owned bilingual day care center ROKIDS as well as our bilingual elementary school ROBIGS (optional: day care during the holiday)
Employer funded pension and capital accumulation benefits
Company Restaurant (only in Lingen) and fresh fruit is available daily
Various in-house sports activities (EGYM Wellpass and other offers)
Attractive leasing offers for IT-products and bikes for private use
Corporate Benefits - employee offers in changing online shops at top conditions



More information regarding the ROSEN group in Lingen (Ems) you can find here:
www.rosen-lingen.de.
Diesen Job melden