Senior Data Scientist (m/f/d)*
Munich Re
München
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Senior Data Scientist (m/f/d)*

Company
Munich Re
Location
Munich , Germany

The Artificial Intelligence group in Reinsurance Development leverages state of the art machine learning technologies to shape the future of the insurance industry. The data can be internal, external, structured or unstructured. Our missions encompass improving underwriting (risk assessment and pricing),claims management decisions and offering new services and business models through data-driven methods. Our focus areas span a wide range of applications, including automated information extraction, risk model improvements, remote sensing and insurance of algorithms.

Our Department cooperates closely with Data Engineering, IT, business units, and Global Innovation. We offer you the possibility of applying the latest Machine Learning and Deep Learning methods to the insurance space within a highly motivated team of experts.

As the world’s largest reinsurer, we can provide an extremely diverse and exciting set of business opportunities and data sets for you to work on. We offer unparalleled development opportunities in a fast developing field within a leading quantitative organization.


We are looking for a creative thinker to drive the application of Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision and machine-learning (ML) algorithms and statistical procedures to solve a range of exciting challenges in the insurance space.


YOUR JOB

Lead projects that enable business units to generate more and better business (quantitative and qualitative aspects) using AI
Guide employees developing and implementing machine learning solutions, from prototype to production
Embody technical excellence in AI for the team
Support and advise business units in applying the latest methods and providing a central source for specialized data analysis and for modelling know-how, tools and methods
Present your findings and the systems developed to internal and external senior management
Represent the team and our key initiatives to internal and external stakeholders
Network with existing quantitative units in the reporting and analysis fields, and with IT to create an AI community


YOUR PROFILE

University degree (Master and above) in a quantitative field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Business Analytics) with a solid understanding of probabilities, statistics and machine learning.
Outstanding theoretical and practical understanding of modern machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques. Expertise in at least one of the following areas: Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision, Knowledge Graphs, Recommender Systems, Time Series.
Excellent presentation, strategic thinking, consulting and project management skills
Demonstrated interest in taking ownership of technical initiatives from coordination to implementation
Excellent Python programming skills and fluent with ML frameworks like Pytorch or, Tensorflow
Solid knowledge of software development best practices (version control, testing), architecture design, object-oriented programming, data structure and algorithms
PhD, publications in data analytics related sciences or open-source contributions is a plus
Readiness to embrace innovation, forward-looking, Group-wide manner of thinking and action, pronounced service focus, ability to work in a team, and a very high level of commitment
High level of accountability, capability to deal with uncertainty and execute in an ambiguous environment
Experience in the insurance, risk management or financial services industry is a plus
Very good command of English and a willingness to travel


About us

As the world's leading reinsurance company with more than 11,000 employees at over 50 locations, Munich Re introduces a paradigm shift in the way you think about insurance. By turning uncertainty into a manageable risk we enable fundamental change. Join us working on topics today that will concern society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, medical risk assessment or even space travel.

Together we embrace a culture where multiskilled teams dare to think big. We create the new and the different for our clients and cultivate innovation.

Sounds like you? Push boundaries with us and be part of Munich Re.

Our employees are our greatest strength. That’s why we offer them a wide range of benefits. You can find some examples below. For more insights about working at Munich Re please click here.

Unlock your potential

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: we embrace the power of differences and are convinced that diversity fosters innovation and resilience and enables us to act braver and better.
Continuous Learning: we believe that continuous learning is a key differentiator and critical for building new skills and accelerating growth.
Career Mobility: we actively support career mobility, and our strong global and regional presence offers a wealth of career growth opportunities for you.


Rewards & Recognition

Competitive salary: appropriate compensation for your high level of commitment.
Retirement provision: state of the art in-house pension solutions.
Work-life balance: promoting the compatibility of family and work in addition to overall work-life balance.
Health management: focus on your physical and mental health far beyond legal requirements.
Hybrid working: living the best of both worlds – we offer you a very flexible approach as well as the opportunity to work from abroad on an occasional basis.
Munich Re not only stands for fairness with regard to its clients; it is also an equal opportunities employer. Severely disabled candidates will also be prioritized, if equally qualified.


Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Marika Schwertner • HR Consultant
Königinstraße 107 • 80802 München • GERMANY

Apply now!

Diesen Job melden