Supply Chain Data Analyst (m/w/d)
Knauf Deutschland
97346 Iphofen
Schnellbewerbung

We are on an exciting journey building a digital environment for the Knauf Group that is as groundbreaking as our products for the construction industry. If you are looking for a global impact that is shaped by values such as entrepreneurship, commitment, partnership and Menschlichkeit, the position of Supply Chain Data Analyst (m/f/d) could be the ideal challenge for you.

What you'll do
Develop and manage SC intelligence solutions and develop performance management
Interact with business units, IT and other corefunctions (e.g. process management) to enhance supply chain analytics
Analyze data to determine areas for performance improvement in coordination with SCM topic owners (planning, logistics, etc.) and relevant stakeholders
Enhance SC-analytics to related processes and taking over an end-to-end-responsibility from collecting ideas to supporting the execution
Investigate pain points within process and develop solutions to resolve conflicts and inefficiencies incl.active support for decision-making
Create performance insights for management reporting
Support to develop SC data model as a basis for improvements (e.g. cost reduction, delivery performance improvement)
Who you are
Track-record in quantitative analysis expertise & business intelligence
3-5 years of relevant experience with Strong experience in BI solutions (e.g. Tableau,PowerBi, Celonis)
Excellent mathematical and analytical skills with experience in corporate environment
Strong aptitude to digital thinking and transformational leadership
Technological and computer knowledge and attention to detail
Experience in business analytics within Supply Chain is a plus
University degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Data-oriented SC Management or similar
Fluent in English – German is a plus
Willingness to travel occasionally
What we offer
An open, dynamic corporate culture with flat hierarchies
Independent work with creative freedom
Attractive remuneration and offers for individual old-age provision
A wide time window for flexible working, including weekly home office days
Continuous individual training and further education
An open exchange of knowledge within the IT community
Relocation support

If you are looking for a variety of challenging tasks with global reach and family atmosphere, then you are most welcome at Knauf!

Knauf as an employer

Knauf is an international market leader in the building materials' industry. About 40,000 employees at over 300 locations worldwide generate a turnover of over 12,6 billion euros. The foundation of our success as family business are our corporate values of humanity, partnership, commitment and entrepreneurial spirit. Knauf IT, headquartered in Kitzingen, Germany, is an important driver of the global growth and digital transformation of the Knauf Group. 500 experts are supporting colleagues and customers with modern IT solutions and services.

The Knauf Group is a proud equal opportunities employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive working environment and therefore base all our employment selection decisions, within all aspects of our business, on experience, skill, and integrity. We strongly encourage applicants from all walks of life to apply for our positions, irrespective of age, sex, gender identity, disability, sexual orientation, origin, religion, etc.

Diesen Job melden