Senior Data Scientist for Factory Digital Twins (f/m/d)
Siemens Energy
13629 Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Senior Data Scientist for Factory Digital Twins (f/m/d)
Siemens Energy - 13629 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Experienced Professional

A Snapshot of Your Day

You will drive the development and implementation of Factory Digital Twins, supporting the Process Digitalisation Team for Grid Technologies within our Siemens Energy organization. Within the program for Digitalization of Production and Processes you will be in direct contact with the factories (40+) within the Manufacturing Network and implement solutions for Factory Digital Twin Simulation (FDTS). You will be responsible to create value out of available data sources by deploying data analytics methods, models, algorithms, and visualizations. You will offer and transfer those solutions to the manufacturing locations with the goal to extract business relevant insights as a foundation for management reporting, transparency and decision making for sustainable growth. As a successful candidate you will demonstrate the ability to drive complex, cross-functional strategic initiatives that impact the planning, organization, and implementation of our product portfolio to the market world-wide.

How You’ll Make an Impact
Development and maintenance of a Factory Digital Twin Shell (FDTS) in the Tecnomatix Plant Simulation environment.
Structured analyses and management of factory requirements related to the FDT functionalities (incl. calculation of respective Key Performance Indicators).
Understanding, modelling and deployment of the behavioral logic, constraints as well as respective interdependencies on the shopfloor.
Elicitation of data and the definition of data structures together with the factories regarding Products, Processes and Resources (PPR).
Development of ETL pipelines (Extract-Transform-Load) as input to the FDTS (incl. further data analytics).
Development of methods and algorithms to optimize manufacturing processes.
Proactive and overall contribution to the continuous optimization of data, value and process chains within the Business Area to become a data-driven, transparent, agile and efficient organization.
What You Bring
Successful Master degree in Engineering, Automation, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or similar course of studies.
Advanced knowledge, experiences and track record regarding the production of transformers, product structures and manufacturing technologies.
Advanced experiences and working knowledge regarding the modelling and discrete event simulation as well as the description and evaluation of scenarios in the Tecnomatix Plant Simulation environment.
Solid experiences and working knowledge regarding the development of ETL pipelines with Alteryx as well as the development of BI dashboards in Tableau.
Advanced experience regarding programming (e.g. Python and C++) and the development of databases and queries (SQL).
Knowledge about the development and usage of 3D models in the CAD environment (e.g. NX, AutoCAD).
Proficiency in English. German language knowledge would be beneficial.
Strong communication skills, personality and persuasiveness.
Readiness to travel globally to visit factories and to organize workshops within a large, complex, and global network of factories.
About the Team

Our Grid Technology division enables a reliable, sustainable, and digital grid. The power grid is the backbone of the energy transition. Siemens Energy offers a leading portfolio and solutions in HVDC transmission, grid stabilization and storage, high voltage switchgears and transformers, and digital grid technology.

Check out this video to learn more about our Grid Technologies business https://www.siemens-energy.com/global/en/offerings/power-transmission.html

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 92,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards/Benefits
Opportunity to work on challenging projects in an exciting environment
Opportunity for remote/flexible work
Professional support and strong collaboration with colleagues around the world
Professional development opportunities within the company
And more!

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.
#LI-SK1
https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs
Diesen Job melden