Product Internship (f/m/d)
Upvest
10997 Berlin
Vollzeit, Praktikum
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Praktikum

We’re looking for fintech enthusiasts to join us in creating the financial infrastructure of tomorrow. We’re building the first European Investment API to enable any financial institution to offer a broad range of investment products in their apps. Our view is backed by Europe's largest tech VCs (Earlybird, Notion Capital, Partech, HV Capital, ABN AMRO Ventures) by renowned fintech entrepreneurs (including Maximilian Tayenthal, founder of N26, and Felix Haas, founder of IDnow) and Bessemer Venture Partners in the USA.

At Upvest, our vision is to make investing as easy as spending money. By enabling any business to offer investment opportunities, our goal is to empower anyone to invest. Today, we count 120+ talented people from 30 different countries.

Your mission:

Join as a member of our Product team, supporting us in building our greenfield Investment API. During your internship, you will have the chance to support a dedicated Product Domain (e.g. Users & Clients, Core Banking, Data & Reporting, etc.). You'll learn how to build a fintech API-first product, how to truly collaborate in a cross-functional team to reach its full potential. Whilst shaping the strategy and roadmap of Upvest’s current and future products.

Role Responsibilities:

Learn modern product management skills by facilitating ceremonies, managing the product backlog, and by refining inputs for our product discovery and delivery processes
Be in control and actively shape how we build our Investment API while learning from fintech experts
Work cross-functionally in an Agile manner with other Upvest teams (Engineering, Growth, Banking, and Legal), as well as external stakeholders (clients and vendors)
To experience the European fintech product landscape and dive deep into product research with a user-centric, data-driven approach
Join a fast-paced and dynamic product-first startup environment
Actively shape our product success by contributing to our mission to help millions of people to take their wealth into their own hands

About you:

You can commit to a 4- 6-month full-time internship
You're excited about fintech and are thrilled to build the financial infrastructure of tomorrow
Hungry to learn and eager to grow
You are a team player and feel energised in diverse teams
A love to be challenged, take ownership of your work, and iterate quickly
You are currently studying or just graduated with a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Business Administration/Finance or any other relevant field of study
Previous work experience from related, fast-paced work environments is a plus
Fluent in English, both written and spoken
You're willing to relocate to Berlin (where our office is located) to experience the unique team culture at Upvest
You are eligible to work in Germany

What we offer:

We're working on solving a hard problem: fixing the European financial securities infrastructure, empowering people to invest with ease. You have the opportunity to contribute to this powerful change.
We invest in you. Together we create a personalised development path and give you plenty of opportunities to grow in your role.
We take hiring seriously and keep the bar high when interviewing. We hire talents who are passionate about their craft and excited to help achieve our shared mission.
We are a hybrid employer and committed to flexibility as we understand you don't have to be in the office at all times to do your best work.
We live a culture of empowerment and trust (that we hire the best people and get out of their way) as well as openness (there's a greater advantage in sharing information than keeping it to ourselves).
Last but not least, we take time to have fun as a team with regular team dinners, group events, or occasional celebrations (as the situation allows).
Opportunity to extend your internship towards a working student or permanent role, depending on the outcome of the internship.

Our values:

Learn and grow. We aim high to shape our future. We give and request honest feedback knowing that we develop together. Progression over Perfection.
Team first. We make it easy for others. We value our differences and are open to others' opinions. We win and celebrate together! Team over Egos.
Own the outcome. Whether we win or we lose, we stand together. We are proactive and get the job done. Outcome over Process.
Tell the story. We always start with the why. We share knowledge to empower others. Transparency over Complexity.

Upvest is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees

Diesen Job melden