Data Integration Manager (m/f/d)
Abbott Laboratories
Wiesbaden
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Abbott is a global healthcare leader, creating breakthrough science to improve people’s health. We’re always looking towards the future, anticipating changes in medical science and technology.

In Germany, Abbott has more than 3,000 employees working in manufacturing, research and development, logistics, manufacturing, sales and marketing. They are located at Abbott`s German headquarters in Wiesbaden and its sites in Hanover, Neustadt am Rübenberge, Wetzlar, Eschborn, Cologne, Jena and Hamburg.


Working at Abbott

At Abbott, you can do work that matters and help people to live a healthier and full life, grow your career, and learn, be your true self. You will have access to:

Career development with an international company where you can grow the career you dream of

An attractive benefits package (e.g. attractive Abbott Pension Plan , a company bike, employee stock purchase program)

A company recognized as a great place to work in dozens of countries around the world and named one of the most admired companies in the world by Fortune.

A company that is recognized as one of the best big companies to work for as well as a best place to work for diversity, working mothers, female executives, and scientists.

A challenging position in a fast-growing crisis independent industry

To become part of a dynamic, highly educated, highly skilled, and motivated team

Flat hierarchies, open appreciative mentality, and efficient, constructive lines of communication

Multi-national environment, where we foster the development of our talents within the enterprise

Primary Objective of Position

The primary purpose of the Data Integration Manager is to be the leader of the Data team and transform how data-driven decision-making drives business outcomes. Supporting the growth of our business by overseeing and driving the data integration related to all commercial functions and leveraging insights into business decisions through analyses, advanced modelling and visualisation tools. Reporting to the Commercial Director, this is a pivotal role where you will be leading a team of highly skilled Analysts to build high-quality analytical reporting to create and build insights to aid commercial decisions.

Major Accountabilities

The role of data integration is to tie together the data from different sources and combine them.
Data integration manager is responsible in consolidating and checking data from multiple sources into a single dataset to be used for consistent business intelligence or analytics for the commercial business.
Responsible to establish processes to achieve high data quality standards and to secure e2e data integrity at any given time
Understanding and implementation the unique business model of webshop based B2C processes
Data Analysis to connect to patient journeys within ADC driven webshop network with external partners.
Person interacts with Finance and ensures the accuracy of the financial data from the web shop
Oversee the analyses of datasets with the help of programming and advanced data modelling to extract actionable insights that will drive business decisions and supporting multiple business partners
Enable, coach and empower the agile organization to generate new insights for multiple business stakeholders by advancing existing data models, establishing new models and integrating new data sets.
Manage the design and delivery of reports, dashboards and insights (data analytics tools) that analyse business functions and key operations and performance metrics
Has a strong affinity towards automation and constantly finding ways to integrate /automate information management.
Create and execute strategies and projects to utilize the business opportunities
Drive execution of defined projects in area of responsibility
Plan, coordinate and drive extensive and strategic projects incl. resource, communication and project plan as well as responsibility for deadlines and budget
Organize and communicate with external/internal project members and stakeholders to achieve timely execution and meet milestones

Education

Relevant university degree
Mandatory: Business expertise in the medical device field of at least 8-10 years
Fluent in German and English
Mandatory: Minimum 10-12 years work experience with a track record in Data Integration
Budget responsibility of ~650K€ per Quarter

Background

Master’s degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or a similar discipline
10-12 years’ experience in data or project management with demonstrated work experience with programming languages and tools:
Coding skills in VBA, DAX, PL/SQL and Python or R
Data Visualization experience in Power BI (nice to have)
Relational Database experience in MSSQL &/ Oracle databases
Microsoft toolkit such as MS Access and MS Excel
Analyze, recommend, and influence overall strategy and roadmaps for data integrations
Communicate and collaborate across teams in a compact, Agile environment
Action oriented and able to translate ideas into action
Strong analytical skills with a focus on problem solving and root cause identification
Ability and willingness to be hands on in the delivery of highly technical data analytics projects
Extensive experience in the application of analytics, insights and data mining to commercial “real-world” problems
Exposure to media, consumer research or digital media analytics is desirable however not essential
Solid skills in SQL and non-SQL
Advanced Analytical Modelling in a business context
Technical experience in programming in Python, R and statistical packages (R, SAS)
Technical experience in one or more visualisation tool such as Tableau or Power BI
Qualifications in relevant disciplines (Physics, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Analytics)
People management skills
Acute business acumen and understanding of organizational issues and challenges

Follow your career aspirations to Abbott for diverse opportunities with a company that can help you build your future and live your best life. Abbott is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to employee diversity.


We ask for your understanding that we only consider online applications via our online application portal. Applications by email or post cannot be processed. Original documents will not be returned.


Connect with us at www.abbott.com, on Facebook at www.facebook.com/Abbott and on Twitter @AbbottNews and @AbbottGlobal.

Diesen Job melden