Data Engineer - Knowledge Graph (f/m/x)
RTL Deutschland GmbH
50679 Köln
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Your tasks
You'll start as part of the Metadata team, which is responsible for creating a central knowledge graph for all our content. As we are dealing with various content types like movies, series, podcasts and more, this task involves a diverse set of data sources with varying semantics.
You will apply machine learning and other techniques to better understand the semantics of our content and to derive useful new information for our knowledge graph. Our work enables other teams like recommendation and search to improve their products and to provide the best experience for our customers.
Work closely with data scientists, infrastructure engineers, product owners and other stakeholders to deliver the central knowledge graph
You will implement data pipelines for stream and batch processing that feed our knowledge graph and build our machine learning models
You will Increase the coverage of our knowledge graph by integrating new internal and external data sources
You will design and implement algorithms to derive new information and infer new connections
You will implement measures to improve reliability and performance of the knowledge graph infrastructure
You will participate in our overall mission at RTL Data by sharing your expert knowledge regarding knowledge graphs, architecture, and ML Ops
You will work in an agile, international environment
You will work with the tech stack Google Cloud Platform, Graph Databases, Python

Your profile
Degree in computer science or a related field
2+ years of experience working as a Data Engineer
Solid skills in programming with Python and knowledge of software engineering principles
Experience developing scalable data pipelines with Spark, Beam or related technologies
Experience with knowledge representation, query languages (RDF, SPARQL) and graph databases
Experience with at least one cloud, GCP is a plus
Interest or experience in Deep Learning machine learning and Natural Language processing techniques
Interest or experience in Infrastructure-as-Code and Kubernetes
You enjoy working in an agile team, like to get involved, think "out of the box" and are keen to tackle new topics
Good English skills complete your profile


We welcome applications from people who contribute to the diversity & sustainability of our company.


About us

Using content, tech and data to create sustainable success.

At RTL Deutschland, we entertain, inform and inspire millions of people every day across multiple platforms with our strong media brands, content and products. As part of RTL Group, we offer many possibilities: from TV and streaming to print, digital, radio and podcasts. Here, over 8,000 creatives, strategists, techies, numerical geniuses and organisational wizards work towards the same goal.

Do you value team spirit and a hands-on mentality? Do you want to grow beyond yourself and be part of our diverse team? Do you value a trusting working atmosphere? Are you looking for the freedom to implement your ideas and develop your strengths?

Then join us in shaping the future of Germany's leading entertainment company.


ukraine

Diesen Job melden