PhD position in “Satellite Remote Sensing for Mapping Nitrogen Demand in Wheat”
Technische Universität München
80333 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Technical University of Munich (TUM) Precision Agricultural Lab (www.pa.wzw.tum.de) is looking for a PhD student to work on an interdisciplinary project that aims to map crop nitrogen requirements for better decision-making for the sustainable use of nitrogen in wheat.

Your main responsibilities:

Develop methods based on radiative transfer models (RTM), machine /deep learning or hybrid models for mapping plant nitrogen content and related traits using satellite data (e.g., Sentinel-2).
Develop algorithms and models to produce recommendation/prescription maps for nitrogen fertilization for wheat in Germany.
Publishing results in peer-reviewed journals.

Your Profile:

Background in agricultural sciences, remote sensing or equivalent.
Passionate about critical issues in sustainable use of resources in agriculture.
Experience in conducting field experiments (driving license is essential).
Expertise in machine learning/deep learning, and image analysis.
Fluency in written and spoken English, knowledge of German is a plus.
Very good programming skills (e.g., in R, Python/Matlab).

What we offer:

3-year PhD funding (Initial contract for 1 year, with possibility of extension for another 2 years).
An interdisciplinary and international team with diverse cultures.
Excellent research environment at the TUM School of Life Science (Weihenstephan Campus), and opportunities to collaborate with leading experts in agriculture (e.g., HEF - World Agricultural Systems Center)

Place of work:
The TUM Precision Agriculture Lab (www.pa.wzw.tum.de) is based at the Dürnast Research Station, 85354 Freising, Germany.


TUM is an equal opportunity employer. As such, we explicitly encourage applications from women. Applications from disabled persons with essentially the same qualifications will be given preference.

How to apply:
Please send your application in one PDF document, including
1) Cover letter
2) CV and contact information of 3 referees
3) Copy of transcripts and certificates
to the following email address pa@wzw.tum.de.
The application deadline is 15 April 2023.

Address:
Precision Agriculture
School of Life Science Engineering
Dürnast 9
85354 Freising

The interview will begin immediately until the position is filled.
The position can start on 1 June 2023 or upon agreement.

If you have specific questions regarding this offer, please contact
Prof. Dr. Kang Yu (kang.yu@tum.de, not for PDFs).

Hinweis zum Datenschutz:
Im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung um eine Stelle an der Technischen Universität München (TUM) übermitteln Sie personenbezogene Daten. Beachten Sie bitte hierzu unsere Datenschutzhinweise gemäß Art. 13 Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) zur Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung. Durch die Übermittlung Ihrer Bewerbung bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Datenschutzhinweise der TUM zur Kenntnis genommen haben.

Kontakt: pa@wzw.tum.de

Diesen Job melden