Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
IT Support Lead
RepRisk AG
Berlin
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Company Description


About Us

RepRisk is a rapidly growing global company and a pioneer in the ESG data science field. Our goal is to make the world a better place by creating transparency in the business world – we are driving positive change via the power of data. We combine AI and machine learning with human intelligence to analyze public information and identify environmental, social, and governance risks. We serve as a reality check for how companies conduct their business around the world – do they walk their talk when it comes to human rights, labor standards, corruption, and environmental issues?

We Offer

Flexible working hours and arrangements
An entrepreneurial, international, and dynamic work environment
A shared mission to drive accountability and responsible behavior of companies, thus creating positive change
A company that embraces diversity, because life would be boring if we were all the same!


Job Description


Your Responsibilities

Analyze current and future needs of the business and define a service and technology roadmap
Develop and maintain the corresponding policies and processes that drive productivity and efficiency of the company’s workforce.
Own the collaborative platforms and tools such as SharePoint and Teams, and help the business to make the best use of the Microsoft 365 productivity software and whole ecosystem.
Work closely with the IT information and DevOps specialists to identify security risks and implement best practices in document management and cyber security.
Work closely with all department heads to best support their business needs and teams.
Help evaluate new tools and systems that could improve the operations of IT, Human Resources, Finance, Sales, Client Services, etc.
Support, coach, and mentor the IT Support team based in Manila, Berlin, Zurich, and Toronto.
Oversee and manage the daily operations of the IT Support team, including ticket management, incident resolution, and service request fulfillment.
Provide technical leadership together with the senior engineers, and guide and mentor the team members, ensuring they have the necessary skills and resources to deliver high-quality service to end-users.
Continuously adapt and improve the IT support procedures and documentation to ensure consistency and quality of service delivery, and encourage team members to identify and implement process improvements and best practices.
Monitor and report on the performance of the IT support team, identifying areas for improvement and implementing corrective actions as necessary.
Collaborate with other IT teams and stakeholders to ensure timely resolution of complex technical issues and escalations.
Manage relationships with external vendors and service providers, ensuring they meet service level agreements and deliver high-quality services to the organization.


Qualifications


You Bring

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, or related field
At least 5 years of experience in IT support, with at least 2 years in a leadership role
Intimate knowledge of business processes and the inner workings of larger organizations and companies
Strong technical knowledge of laptop and server operating systems, hardware, networking, and other IT infrastructure components
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences
Customer-centric approach to IT service delivery, with a focus on delivering high-quality service to end-users
Strong leadership skills, with the ability to motivate and mentor team members to achieve their full potential and to deal with senior managers and colleagues across the whole organization
In-depth understanding and several years of working experience with Microsoft 365 Admin centres (SharePoint, Exchange, Teams, etc.) and Atlassian tools (Jira, Confluence)
Experience with MySQL, Linux CLI, PostgreSQL, programming, PowerShell, as well as 1Password, AWS, and GitLab is a big plus
Knowledgeable in BCMS, endpoint security software, cybersecurity, and information security best practices including incident management

Additional Information


Please note that we will only consider candidates with a valid work permit.

Diesen Job melden