Clinical Programmer (MDR)
Cytel, Ingress-Health HWM GmbH
Deutschland
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

At Cytel, we work hard to create successful careers with significant professional growth for our employees, as a result of which they work hard to make Cytel successful. Cytel is a place where talent, experience and integrity come together to advance the state of clinical development.

As Clinical Programmer/Data Analyst (MDR), you will leverage your CDISC (SDTM/ADaM) knowledge and Data Visualisation (Spotfire, PowerBI, Tableau) experience in supporting live and legacy data migration for a leading pharmaceutical client.


You will contribute by:

Working as part of a brand new, cutting edge team supporting data analysis & migration projects
Rebuilding study medical data review visualisations
Supporting live and legacy data migration to latest Spotfire version
Serving as team player, with a willingness to go the extra distance to get results, meet deadlines, etc.;
Being adaptable and flexible when priorities change


What we are looking for:

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent, preferably in a scientific discipline such as Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, etc.
Advanced Data Visualisation tool experience (Spotfire, PowerBI, Tableau)
Clinical knowledge and/or knowledge of different data models.
Solid experience of CDISC Standards (SDTM/ADaM)
Ability to work effectively and successfully in a globally dispersed team environment with cross-cultural partners.


What’s in it for you:

You will have the opportunity to play an integral role helping our clients and the industry shape the future of drug development
You will be part of an exciting new chapter in Cytel’s history with high growth and opportunities to progress in Senior and Leadership positions within the company
Work in an environment designed for an entrepreneurial minded person with a lot of energy, ideas and courage for their implementation
Work with and leverage the best and brightest minds in the industry


Cytel Inc. is an Equal Employment / Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristics protected by law.

Cytel does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact Cytel’s human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to Cytel. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and Cytel. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of Cytel. Cytel shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies.

Diesen Job melden