Research assistant in NLP for the GeMTex projekt (m/f/d)
Universitätsklinikum Heidelberg
69120 Heidelberg
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

wanted for the next possible date at the Med. Klinik Innere III for the Bioinfomatic and Systems Cardiology.

The division of Bioinformatics and Systems Cardiology at the Klaus Tschira Institute for Integrative Computational Cardiology ( www.dieterichlab.org) is a member of the HiGHmed consortium within the national Medical Informatics initiative ( www.highmed.org). We look for a talented individual with proven expertise in natural language processing (NLP) and clinical data analytics. The advertised position is located in Heidelberg. In-person or hybrid work models are possible.
Job-ID:
V000011225
Field of application:
Klinik für Kardiologie, Angiologie und Pneumologie
Location:
Heidelberg
Start date:
as of now
Job Category:
Science and teaching
Working hours:
Part time (80 %)
Published:
09.06.2023
Limitation:
Temporary (2 years - option of further extension)
Contract:
TV-L
Your Tasks
The successful applicant will take part in the newly funded GeMTex project. The goal is to develop a large-scale distributed cross-site German corpus containing clinical routine documents. The goal of GeMTex is to foster NLP research in the German speaking clinical domain. You will join an interdisciplinary collaborative research environment and contribute to the development of an anonymized clinical corpus and support cross-site clinical annotation projects. Furthermore, you will support the development of state-of-the-art machine learning methods in the DieterichLab. The position involves working with common data analytics stacks (Microsoft Windows, Linux, Python etc.) in close collaboration with domain experts in clinical routine. The position is also open to postdoctoral researchers.
Your Profil
Applicants should have a Master’s degree in computer science, computational linguistics, medical informatics or a comparable relevant background and level of expertise
Strong proven skills in Python in established data analytics frameworks (pandas, Jupyter, scikit-learn, Hugging Face)
Experiences in common text annotation tools (e.g. INCEpTION, WebAnno, Prodigy)
Experiences in training and evaluating machine learning models (scikit-learn, huggingface)
Familiar with agile project management tools (GitHub, Redmine)
Fluent spoken and written German and English is expected
Strong ability to communicate and work in teams, flexibility and targeted action
Experiences in organizing and supervising collaborative annotation projects is a plus
Clinical domain knowledge is a plus
We offer
Goal-oriented, individual training and development opportunities
Working with the latest techniques / technical equipment
Possibility of mobile working
Flexible working hours within the framework of flexitime
Regular team meetings
Collectively agreed remuneration, attractive company pension scheme (VBL)
30 days vacation
Sustainable travel: job ticket
Family-friendly working environment: cooperative arrangements for childcare, subsidy for child vacation care, advice for employees with relatives in need of care
Wide range of health, prevention and sports offers
Contact & Application

For further information please contact Prof. Christoph Dieterich via e-mail or phone.

Interested?

Applications will be accepted until 30.06.2023 please upload a covering letter / supporting statement, including a brief statement of research interests, CV and the details of two reference addresses as part of your online application.


Klinik für Kardiologie, Angiologie und Pneumologie
Prof. Dr. rer. nat. Christoph Dieterich
Im Neuenheimer Feld 669
69120 Heidelberg
phone: 06221 56-36884
sekretariat.dieterich@med.uni-heidelberg.de


Please note that the UKHD is subject to the provisions of the Infection Protection Act. Therefore, valid proof of measles immunity is required for all persons employed at the UKHD.

We stand for equal opportunities. Severely disabled persons are given priority in the case of equal suitability. The University Hospital aims to generally increase the proportion of women in all areas and positions in which women are underrepresented. Qualified women are therefore particularly encouraged to apply. Full-time positions are generally divisible, unless there are official or legal reasons to the contrary.

Diesen Job melden