(Senior) Data Scientist Pricing & Forecasting (m/f/d)
InstaFreight GmbH
10999 Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your tasks

We are seeking a Data Scientist with an emphasis on Pricing & Forecasting Analytics to join our talented team. The role forms part of the Data team and you will work closely with the Commercial & Operations organization. The mission, on one hand, is to develop pricing strategies and algorithms to derive a data-driven approach to seting prices at InstaFreight, and on the other, to establish models (e.g. time series) wherever they add value to the company. Overall, we are looking for a team player that can leverage data to tackle challenges. This position is full-time and based in Kreuzberg, in the heart of Berlin.


In this role you will:

Full independant responsibility for pricing long-term contracts as well as uncovering market opportunities

Developing algorithms to help inform and optimize decisions around price setting

Implementing end to end modelling processes including data gathering, data munging, data profiling, numerical model building, calibration, cross-validation and putting the model into production

Following implementation, track model performance and calculated improvement to the business. This will include pre and post-time-series analyses, and A/B testing where applicable

Explaining complex modelling approaches in layman’s terms and discuss modelling results and impact with non-technical business users

Additionally, you will be supporting and leading data initiatives within the Team and across the company


Your Profile

Previous experience with pricing, price elasticity estimation, and forecasting is essential
Bachelor (or higher) degree in Statistics, Econometrics, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics with a strong quantitative background
4+ years of relevant Data Science experience
Deep understanding of various statistical modelling techniques with solid and process-driven skills in conducting research and analysis
High proficiency in SQL, and also either R or Python
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to present complex information in an easy-to-understand manner with clear recommendations based on data insight
Strong motivation to be a team player


Good to have:

Industry expertise in road transportation/logistics

Recruiting Process:
1. HR call
2. 30 min meeting with Team Lead
3. Business case
4. Presentation of the case to the Data & Analytics Team Lead and team member
5. Final call
6. Offer

Please note, the current working model of InstaFreight is hybrid and the office's location is in Berlin.

What we offer

Take the driver seat

Take charge - Be accountable for your own field of responsibility from day one onwards.
Have impact - Drive development projects and steer the course of the company.
Make mistakes - Take risks, learn from failures and grow personally with us.
Hit the gas pedal
Learn as you go - Be supported in a great learning environment with training, mentoring and feedback.
Accelerate - Go out of your comfort zone and climb your personal growth ladder step by step.
Outgrow yourself - Unlock your full potential and accomplish things you hardly dare to dream of.
Enjoy the ride
Be part of the team - Join a great group of individuals standing behind a common goal.
Have fun - Take part in our legendary parties, company events or just the regular office craziness.
Write history - Shape the future of an entire industry together with us.

About us


We digitize the logistics industry, a €350+bn market in Europe! As the leading online road freight forwarding company in Germany, we offer business customers a fully digital booking experience for logistics services – with one click only and as simple as online shopping.

Our five core values guide us in our interactions with customers, partners, and among each other

We solve the problem first
We are different together
We celebrate success
We deliver on our promises
We empower growth

You couldn't find the perfect fit in our open positions? Just talk to our HR team and send your CV to: jobs@instafreight.com

Diesen Job melden