Quantitative Risk Analyst (m/f/d)
E.On
45131 Essen
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Quantitative Risk Analyst (m/f/d)
E.On - 45131 Essen
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung

E.ON SE | Permanent | Part or Full time




E.ON is one of Europe's largest operators of energy networks and infrastructure and a provider of innovative energy solutions for more than 50 million customers. Around 72,000 employees are constantly working to digitise the energy world, achieve net zero and connect everyone to good energy. To achieve this, we are focusing our actions on sustainability, digitalisation and growth. We strongly believe that differences make us stronger and welcome all people into our inclusive and diverse culture.




We are looking for a Quantitative Risk Analyst (m/f/d) to join our Quantitative Risk Management & Methods team as soon as possible. If you are interested in working in a dynamic trading environment on one of Europe's biggest energy commodity portfolios, please apply online.




A job that inspires




Collaborate closely with the trading, risk management, performance, finance and technology teams in agile projects to solve problems and implement valuable solutions.

Develop, maintain, and enhance quantitative risk models to assess and price market, credit, and liquidity risks for our energy trading and customer portfolios.

Conduct ad-hoc analyses to support decision-making and risk management on individual transaction and portfolio level.

Implement, test, and validate models in Python, ensuring they meet regulatory and internal requirements.

Monitor the performance of risk models and suggest improvements based on new research and industry trends.

Communicate and present complex quantitative concepts and analysis results to non-technical and executive stakeholders.

Stay up to date with industry enhancements in risk modeling, data science, and quantitative finance.

Continuously develop your knowledge and skillset across quant risk, business, and tech domains together with industry leading experts, mentor juniors and students.

Be part of our digital transformation, developing cloud native risk management tools and applications using cutting edge technology to build a scalable platform.




A convincing background




A master's or Ph.D. in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Financial Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.

A minimum of 3 years of experience in quantitative risk modeling, preferably within the energy trading industry.

Strong proficiency in Python and familiarity with relevant libraries such as NumPy, pandas, and scikit-learn.

Knowledge of stochastic calculus, Monte Carlo simulation, time series analysis, and other quantitative finance techniques.

Experience with machine learning and data analysis tools is a plus.

Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and programming skills.

Strong communication and presentation skills.

Self-starter attitude, hands-on, intrinsic driven, ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.




A motivating environment




A task full of challenges, working with a very experienced, collaborative, international and fun team to shape E.ON’s new trading unit’s risk management function

An appreciative working atmosphere in which mutual trust and respect play a decisive role in teamwork

A modern working environment that ensures a good work-life balance through flexible working and home office

A wide range of personal and professional training and development opportunities to support you in the next step in your career

A strong network, because for us the collegial exchange across company units is in the foreground and offers a wide range of perspectives

A secure supply with attractive remuneration and various additional benefits, such as in-house sports, child care and company pension schemes




Become part of our team. We look forward to you!




Do you have questions?





For further information please contact Evelyne Bongi, evelyne.bongi@eon.com.





Are you already convinced that this is the next step in your career? If yes, we would be happy if you would register and apply online as Quantitative Risk Analyst (m/f/d) (ID 216029).





Please note that applications via email will not be considered. Please only use our online application system.





What you need to know:

Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Part or Full time
Company: E.ON SE
Function area: Controlling
Location: Essen

Diesen Job melden