Senior Data Analyst, Global Insights & Behavioural Analytics
Yara
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Date posted: Jun 9, 2023
Location: Berlin, BE, DE
Job Function: Other
Job Type: Permanent
Job Requisition ID: 13973
Senior Data Analyst, Global Insights & Behavioural Analytics

We at Yara are part of a global network, collaborating to profitably and responsibly solve some of the world's key challenges - resource scarcity, food insecurity and environmental change.

About the Unit

About Digital Ag Solutions

Yara aims to be the crop nutrition company for the future and is leading the development of sustainable agriculture and digital tools to contribute to solving global agricultural challenges. We have a worldwide presence with sales teams in ~150 countries and around 17,000 employees.

Drawing on over a century of crop nutrition experience, Yara established the Digital Farming unit – now Digital Ag Solutions (DAS) – 4 years ago to explore how technology could be used to impact farmer livelihoods and productivity. Today, DAS has built products for smallholder and professional farmers, retailers and other farming ecosystem stakeholders across Asia, Africa, the Americas and Europe.

We are an international team of engineers, scientists, researchers, designers and agronomists working together to achieve Yara’s goal to responsibly feed this world and protect the planet. Join us in building new digital products and services to create value for stakeholders across the agricultural ecosystem.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with business and product teams to develop new products and translate data into insights.

Align business requirements with stakeholders, define metrics and develop business intelligence solutions (e.g. dashboards and reports) to fulfil requirements. Communite results and insights to stakeholders.

Quantify the end to end customer journey to increase conversion and engagement.

Establish best practices for experimentation across products, commercial sales and marketing.

Coordinate with data engineering, DevOps and platform teams to build required tooling for analytics & insights.

Profile

At least a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline, e.g. Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Economics.

At least 3 years of experience as a data analyst or similar quantitative role.

Hands on experience in quantifying user journey.

Ability to apply scientific thinking to solve business problems with data and analytics.

Ability to translate insights/tell a story with the data and analysis.

Proficiency in SQL, R and Python. Hands-on experience with BI tools (e.g. PowerBI).

Excellent communication and presentation skills.

Additional Information

We strive to reflect the diversity in society and encourage all qualified applicants from all background to apply. We are committed to creating a work environment that fits gender equality and allows combining career progress with the needs of a family or other personal circumstances

Why us?

Evolving tech development division of an established agricultural products and services company.
Explore and develop digital, software, hardware products, which provide value to farmers, smallholder communities and the value chain.
Be part of our mission to build sustainable solutions that benefit humanity and the environment.
Full-time and permanent contract options available with competitive remuneration + benefits.
Support for personal development, training and continuous learning.
Commitment to using new technologies and frameworks, meetups, and knowledge sharing.

Knowledge grows through differences
Yara is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe that creating a diverse and inclusive work environment is not only the right thing, but also the smart thing to do. To deliver on this, Yara has firmly anchored Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) in our business strategy and has more than 400 employees worldwide involved in D&I ambassadors networks.





Job Segment: Sustainable Agriculture, Data Analyst, Agricultural, Business Intelligence, Computer Science, Agriculture, Data, Technology

Diesen Job melden