Mid-Level Data Scientist in a GreenTech Startup
Green Fusion GmbH
10407 Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Schnellbewerbung
Digitalization and energy transition in one sentence? Yes, at Green Fusion! With our software for optimized control of heating systems in the housing industry, we are counteracting climate change. By digitizing and automating the control processes, we can not only reduce emissions, but also energy consumption, and thus actively accelerate the energy transition.

While we are still considered pioneers today, with you we can soon dominate the market! First in the DACH region, and next in all of Europe.

You can expect a motivated, open-minded and lively environment that is passionate and ambitious about being an active part of the energy transition - and that can succeed, but only together!

Tasks


In cross-functional teams of energy automation engineers and software developers, you will create new features for our smart home energy management system.
You will create and improve energy forecasts (e.g. electricity demand, solar production, heating and hot water demand).
You will develop an optimal control algorithm for energy system components that helps our customers to reduce CO2 emissions and maximize the energy efficiency within their buildings.
You will create (predictive) maintenance services that use data analysis techniques to detect anomalies in operation and potential defects in the energy systems of our clients.
Requirements


You have successfully completed a degree in data science or a science-oriented subject (e.g. business informatics, mathematics, physics or statistics).
You have at least 3+ years of professional data science experience where you ideally applied machine learning and deep learning algorithms for energy systems (optimization, forecasting).
You are familiar with deep (reinforcement) learning frameworks (e.g. Tensorflow, PyTorch) and standard data science libraries (e.g. Pandas, SciPy, SciKit-Learn).
Considered a plus: Knowledge of Big Data architectures (Apache Hadoop, Hive, Spark) and best practice experience in model deployment and operation.
Benefits

Green Fusion is a company like a few others out there, and you can expect this role to be both challenging and rewarding.

A cool office in the middle of Berlin - with a coffee machine, fresh fruits and everything you would expect from the start-up life & yes, of course also the Urban Sports Club or Become1 membership is included.

Flexibility in working hours and home office - even after the pandemic, you can work from home.

You will learn a lot - whether through the challenges in the job, our open feedback culture or further training - the opportunity to learn is everywhere.

Direct impact through your job - with us, you can actively promote the energy transition and contribute to the fight against climate change every day.

We value our team - that’s why regular team events, but also a good salary and the chance to receive virtual shares are very important to us.

The best team Berlin has to offer - maybe not only Berlin. You don’t believe it? Then find out for yourself and apply directly!

We look forward to receiving your application documents - Johanna will reach out to you soon!
Diesen Job melden