Senior BI Analyst (m/f/d)
zeotap
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
About the company

Zeotap is the next-generation Customer Data Platform. It empowers brands to unify, enhance and activate customer data in a cookieless future, all while putting consumer privacy and compliance front-and-centre. Recognised by Gartner as a “Cool Vendor”, Zeotap works with over 80 of the world’s top 100 brands, including P&G, Nestlé and Virgin Media. It is also the founding member of ID+, a universal marketing ID initiative.

The Role

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, you will be responsible for collection and analysing data from various sources to provide insights and recommendations that drive business growth. You will work closely with teams across the business to ensure that our data is accurate, accessible, and organised. You will also collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and implement data-driven solutions that support business objectives.

The ideal candidate for this role is experienced in defining and building a business intelligence structure with big query/tableau, has a deep knowledge of SaaS KPI’s and is eternally curious to analyse and identify trends and patterns to provoke conversation and ultimately, improvements across the business.

Available locations: Barcelona, London or Berlin/Germany.
Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain dashboards, reports, and visualisations that communicate key performance indicators (KPIs) and insights to stakeholders.
Collect and analyse data from various sources, including Google BigQuery and Tableau, to identify trends, patterns, and insights that inform business decisions.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and prioritise business questions, develop hypotheses, and design experiments to test hypotheses.
Develop and maintain data models that support business reporting and analysis needs.
Ensure data accuracy, completeness, and consistency by working closely with our teams internally to design and implement data quality checks.
Identify opportunities to improve data quality, accessibility, and governance and work to implement improvements.
Support in the creation and maintenance of monthly and quarterly reports.
Deep dive into our data to discover new trends and insights that can help us shape the decisions we make.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in a related field (e.g., Computer Science, Business Administration, Data Analytics)
6+ years of experience in business intelligence, data analytics, or a related field
Experience developing a BI structure from scratch within a SaaS environment.
Experience with Google BigQuery and Tableau and other similar business intelligence and data management tools
Proficiency in SQL and experience with database design and data modelling
Experience with data visualisation and reporting
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams
Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities in a fast-paced environment
Experience with Python or other programming languages is a plus
What we offer:
Competitive compensation & benefits
Flexible working hours & Remote-first approach
Access to Become1 as a benefit platform to reimburse your meal, mobility, or other receipts
2 extra days off per year for your volunteer projects
Fast-paced, collaborative & fun culture
Access to Coursera as our learning platform and the opportunity to learn from very experienced colleagues
Exposure & access to industry experts & teammates that live our values
Work with very driven entrepreneurs & a network of global senior investors across Telco, Data, Advertising & Technology
Zeotap welcomes all – we are equal employment opportunity & affirmative action employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Interested in joining us?
We look forward to hearing from you!
Diesen Job melden