Expert Software Engineer Backend (m/f/d)
Vodafone
(gehört zu Verizon)
Dresden
Homeoffice
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

Our purpose at Vodafone is to connect for a better future. As a Global Communications Technology company, we put the customer at the heart of everything we do. We are passionate about pushing boundaries and discovering innovative ways to connect our customers with their digital societies. We connect people, businesses, and communities across the globe to create the future. We earn customer loyalty, experiment, learn fast and get it done, together. Join our journey as we connect for a better future.


Expert Software Engineer Backend (m/f/d)
Location: Dresden
Job-ID: 171735


The Vodafone Tech Innovation Center Dresden is Vodafone’s new global center for innovation and co-creation with other top tech world-wide companies, universities and research institutes. The scope of this new hub is to improve peoples' lives by innovating communications and empower businesses for a digital and sustainable future. We use newest technologies such as 5G, 6G, Augmented Reality, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics and Security by Design in order to build new products and propositions for health, industry, transport, automotive, agriculture and many more. Dresden is a dynamically growing high tech region in the heart of Europe with a strong industrial focus, excellent research landscape. At the same time Dresden is a great place to live with manifold culture, unspoiled nature and an international and family friendly environment. The ideal spot for creativity and innovation.

What will you be doing?


As an Expert Software Engineer Backend (m/f/d) in the Digital & IT Innovation Center team you will be responsible for the server-side web application logic and integration of the frontend developments (web services + API).


Key accountabilities and decision ownership:

Integration of user-facing elements with server-side logic
Structure of reusable codes and libraries
Optimization of the application for maximum speed and scaling
Implementation of security and data protection
Design and implementation of data storage solutions

It would be nice if you have:


Core competencies, knowledge and experience:

Degree in computer science, or comparable professional qualification
Several years of experience in service integration, databases
Very good understanding of server-side CSS preprocessors and experience with accessibility and security compliance
Several years of experience in management of hosting environments
Very good understanding of user authentication between multiple systems, servers and environments


Must have technical / professional qualifications:

Excellent knowledge of JavaScript, HTML 5 and CSS 3.
Very good knowledge of backend programming languages such as Python, Ruby, Java, .NET, JavaScript etc.
Several years of experience in agile working


This position may be full-time or part-time (minimum 30 hours).


Severely disabled applicants will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified.


We are filling this position for Vodafone Group Services GmbH.

What’s in it for you?


Full Flex Office - opportunity to carry out your work, in agreement with your line manager, up to 75% at a suitable location of preference in Germany, and up to 20 working days per year from other EU countries
Additional benefits of Full Flex Office: Refund of major part of the costs for your Vodafone fixed network and internet connection and provision of equipment, e.g., a monitor for your home office
Monthly discount on Vodafone mobile phone contracts
Vodafone family and friends discount
Access to our internal learning platform and LinkedIn Learning
30 days holiday and holiday plus - option to buy additional 10 days
Generous global parental leave policy
Access to online sport courses
Car and bike leasing options
Attractive salary and a modern company pension, financed by Vodafone


Together we can

Diesen Job melden