Junior Product Manager (f/m/d)
3B Scientific GmbH
20459 Hamburg
30 € pro Stunde - Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Gehalt
30 € pro Stunde
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

3B Scientific is a global company specialized in manufacturing and commercialization of medical and scientific didactic products. Our mission is to create and provide products that advance the delivery of medical, healthcare and scientific education. We focus on innovative solutions that guarantee our customers’ success, on unprecedented quality, realism, and a global support network.

Our vision is simple: To enhance medical and science education for a better tomorrow.

With locations across the globe, we benefit from and strongly encourage cultural diversity, accountability, boldness and collaboration. A professional and friendly company culture empowers our employees to pursue long-term careers and their professional development with 3B Scientific.

At our Hamburg city office (Headquarter of 3B Scientific Group) we are looking for a:

Junior Product Manager (f/m/d)


Duties & Responsibilities

You will work closely with the product managers responsible for the development and marketing of our range of medical simulators.
You will become involved in all steps of product management from market research, product conception, development, and verification to marketing of the finished product.
You will coordinate the generation and management of the product data for 3B medical simulators in various ERP and marketing systems.
You will assist the global sales teams with solving customer side product issues and provide technical support when needed.
You will work with our marketing team to create the materials needed by the customer to get the optimal use out of the product including user manuals, videos, and other documentation.
You will organize product testing, training and manage the 500 qm2 training center.


Required / preferred skills and qualifications:

University degree
Fluency in English. German or other languages beneficial
Solution oriented attitude
Open to learning
Willingness to travel
Team player attitude
Strong identification with our core values: accountability, boldness and collaboration

Are you looking for an interesting, meaningful and challenging job in a dynamic global environment? Can you imagine working with a passionate and international team that encourages you to perform at your best?

We provide an integrative and collaborative working environment with a flat hierarchy in which a creative and hands-on work ethic is desired. You will work with a mentor to become quickly effective in your role. In addition to flexible working hours, we offer a performance-based salary, 30 vacation days per calendar year as well as attractive additional benefits.

Please send your application, indicating your earliest start date and your salary expectations to:

3B Scientific GmbH, z. Hd. Kerstin Damaschke, Ludwig-Erhard-Str. 20, 20459 Hamburg

Diesen Job melden