Staff Bioinformatician (m/f/d)
Universitätsklinikum Heidelberg
69120 Heidelberg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

as soon as possible searched for the Institute for Computational Biomedicine.

A full-time position for a staff bioinformatician is open in the group of Julio Saez-Rodriguez at Heidelberg University ( www.saezlab.org).
Job-ID:
V000011275
Field of application:
Institute for Computational Biomedicine
Location:
Heidelberg
Start date:
as soon as possible
Job Category:
Science and teaching
Working hours:
full-time
Published:
23.05.2023
Limitation:
Temporary (initially for two years with the possibility of extension into a long-term position)
Contract:
TV-L
Tasks and responsibilities
You will build analysis pipelines and refactor prototypes to perform a broad range of bioinformatics analyses on cutting-edge bulk and single-cell multi-omics data sets. This involves the visualization and downstream analysis to get mechanistic insights into deregulated circuits such as cellular pathways. You will work within an international and interdisciplinary group of scientists, with strong links with academic and industrial partners.
Prerequisites
Candidates interested in using bioinformatics and machine learning to analyze omics data are encouraged to apply. An interest in biology is expected, with ideally previous experience analyzing biological data. Coding experience with Python/R is required, and a Master of higher degree.
We offer
Collectively agreed remuneration, attractive company pension scheme (VBL)
30 days vacation
Sustainable travel: job ticket
Family-friendly working environment: cooperative arrangements for childcare, subsidy for child vacation care, advice for employees with relatives in need of care
Wide range of health, prevention and sports offers
Contact & Application

For further Information please contact Prof. Julio Saez-Rodriguez via e-mail.

Interested?

Email your CV (including the names of three references) and a letter of interest. The letter of interest has to be tailored to our group, mentioning projects or articles of our group that you find interesting, and explaining how you would fit here and in the topic mentioned above. Please also provide a pointer to a code repository.

There is no strict deadline, but priority will be given to applications by 16 June 2023.


Institute for Computational Biomedicine
Prof. Julio Saez-Rodriguez
Im Neuenheimer Feld 130.3
69120 Heidelberg
jobs.saez@uni-heidelberg.de


Please note that the UKHD is subject to the provisions of the Infection Protection Act. Therefore, valid proof of measles immunity is required for all persons employed at the UKHD.

We stand for equal opportunities. Severely disabled persons are given priority in the case of equal suitability. The University Hospital aims to generally increase the proportion of women in all areas and positions in which women are underrepresented. Qualified women are therefore particularly encouraged to apply. Full-time positions are generally divisible, unless there are official or legal reasons to the contrary.

Diesen Job melden