Data Scientist
Receeve GmbH
20099 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your mission

We are looking to grow and strengthen our receeve team with a Data Scientist that is not simply reporting.
Our new Data Scientist will actively work with multiple stakeholders in order to make our data proposition more valuable and usable for people who are not data scientists.

Responsibilities:

Improving existing and introducing new models into receeve.
Owning the data story along with the Product team and bringing the data to life.
Bringing value in deeper analysis of the vast data we process.
Contributing to an ever-adapting set of metrics and processes to help define best practices in our business.


Your profile

You have minimum 3 years of experience within data science.
You are proficient in Python, SQL, TensorFlow.
You can write your models in clear code (Python in notebooks, etc.).
You are excellent at storytelling and visualizations.
You understand Domain Driven Design and Event Driven Architecture.
You have handled Big Data in a multi-tenant environment.
You worked in the cloud, but had to be realistic about how to use it.
You have worked with engineers to productize your work.
You need to be able to build and improve various ML models (Tensorflow, Scikit-learn).

Why us?

Join one of Germany's Top Startup Employers 2022.
Chance to re-shape the future of an industry.
We do not fear making mistakes as long as one learns from them.
Work-Life Balance: We all have private lives, we get it. We embrace flexible schedules.
Remote-first company with an international team.
A flat hierarchy where you will have limited internal politics, the ability to get things done and direct access to the founders.
Well known investors and strong funding.
High degree of ownership in a dynamic environment.

We live diversity. In our teams we bring together people with different backgrounds, perspectives and skills. We welcome all applications – regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion/belief, disability, age, sexual orientation and identity.

About us

receeve is a fully customisable All-in-One Platform for Collections & Recovery. We simplify the growing complexity of data and systems and empower in-house teams to quickly and easily automate processes, deploy communications and apply 360° insights to maximise recovery and to minimise risk across every stage of the credit management value chain - from pre-delinquency to portfolio assignment or sale.

One platform. A perfect balance of ease-of-use and power, receeve’s cloud-native, no-code platform is fast to deploy, simple to manage, and easy to customise and expand. Bring together intelligence, strategy, and operations in one place.

Our clients come from the banking, telco, public utilities, and retailer segments. We have recently increased our seed funding from venture capital funds from Seaya Ventures, 14W, and ABN AMRO Ventures. Existing backers, Mangrove, Speedinvest, and Seedcamp participated in the expansion round – bringing our total war chest to more than $18M to accelerate growth throughout Europe and other parts of the world.

We are headquartered in Hamburg, Germany through our teams are working fully remote. We are 60+ of the most creative and innovative thinking people. We are growing and always on the lookout for inspired and talented people. If you are motivated to be a part of something big. If you have a passion for technology, innovation, customer success, sales, and building sales opportunities from scratch. If you like to think outside the box to make great things happen. Then we want you to join us in our journey!

Learn more >>> About us
Get to know the team >>> inside receeve

Diesen Job melden