Data Engineer (Machine Learning) (f/m/d)
Awin
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Purpose of Position

Data sits at the heart of the company. This role is to ensure that Awin is able to leverage the data it has access to across the group and build out reporting to ensure we are able to make better commercial decisions and provide best-in-class campaign management to support client facing departments.

As an AI/ML Engineer, your responsibility is to research, build and design and automate predictive models along with metrics to track there progress. You have proven communication and analysis skills. You are a strong team player, able to work with minimal supervision and keen to implement and improve our standards and working practices.

You understand data and business requirements and are able to translate into technical requirements. You write clean and high-quality code, easy to understand and maintain. You are able to implement various methodologies of data extraction, transformation and storage and successfully apply your experience and knowledge to create new and improve existing predictive models.

Within the role, you are able to break down requirements with clear instructions. As a member of Data Services department you will be working with a global team of data engineers and data analysts amongst other big data engineers within the organization.

Join our team in Germany, Spain, or the UK – you can choose.

Key Tasks
Write clean, elegant and maintainable code with Data engineering and AI/ML best practices
Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress
Find new ways solve complex business problems with self improving automated predictive models.
Evaluate existing models and recommend improvements for better result and performance efficiency
Develop best practices for building and orchestrating predictive models.
Be responsible for quality, accuracy and interpretation of the result sets.
Skills & Expertise
Strong background in data science, data engineering, business intelligence, business administration or an education with focus on math and statistics / data engineering is preferred
2+ years' experience as data engineer on AI/ML project with Python, R or similar
Strong experience with Microsoft Azure data engineering pipelines (Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Bricks, ADLS, Azure Event Hub, Azure SQL DB)
Strong knowledge of scrum practices and agile mindset
Very strong knowledge of Python (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Kera, Flask), R
Very strong knowledge in designing end to end ETL solution using Microsoft Azure technology to find available datasets that could be used for training
Strong knowledge with cloud services (Azure and AWS) and experience with BI/Data Analysis technologies
Big data, Data bricks, Spark, Scala and/or JSON experience is preferred
Very strong analytical skills to translate business need into actions with proactive approach to task and challenges, delivering project on time and budget
Very strong understanding of the principles of machine learning
Very strong project and process management competency, keen to deliver your project on time/budget without compromising on quality and results
Team player, willing to improve yourself
Our Offer
Flexi-Week and Work-Life Balance: We prioritise your mental health and wellbeing, offering you a flexible four-day Flexi-Week at full pay and with no reduction to your annual holiday allowance. We also offer a variety of different paid special leaves.
Flexi Office: Do you prefer to work from our cool office, from home, or in a completely different environment? With us, the choice is yours. We offer the flexibility to work wherever you want within our Awin locations.
Health & Well Being: With our support and access to various initiatives and sports offers, you can devote yourself to your mental and physical well-being.
Development: We've built our extensive training suite Awin Academy to cover a wide range of skills that nurture you professionally and personally, with trainings conveniently packaged together to support your overall development.
Remote Working: You will receive a monthly allowance to cover a part of your running costs. In addition, we will support you in setting up your remote workspace appropriately.
Appreciation: Thank and reward colleagues by sending them a voucher through our peer-to-peer program and show your appreciation for colleagues who have gone the extra mile to support you.



Established in 2000, Awin is proud of our dynamic, social and inclusive culture.

Like all businesses, we've had to adapt and nurture our culture in a virtual environment. Our virtual 'Life @ Awin' hub brings our colleagues from across the globe together for various social activities.

Diversity & Inclusion are paramount to us, and we proudly pursue and hire diverse team members. We champion uniqueness and authenticity; this is who we are at our core. Our network of affiliate partnerships are diverse and transparent, as are the employees powering our vision to build the world's leading open partner ecosystem. We welcome all backgrounds, identities, and experiences. If you need support at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

Apply now to begin the next stage of your career at a progressive company that supports both your professional and personal development.

#LI-AM1

Diesen Job melden