Assistant CRA
Thermo Fisher Scientific
Deutschland
Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Our team of colleagues in clinical research services are at the forefront of getting cures to market. We bring a high caliber of scientific and clinical expertise to the development of drugs that address the world’s most challenging health concerns. Our Clinical Research team, who powers our PPD® clinical research portfolio, are part of our leading global contract research organization (CRO).



We are vital links between an idea for a new medicine and the people who need it. We are the people of PPD — thousands of employees in locations worldwide connected by tenacity and passion for our purpose: to improve health. You will be joining a truly collaborative and winning culture as we strive to bend the time and cost curve of delivering life-saving therapies to patients.

Our global Clinical department consists of colleagues with institutional knowledge, in-depth therapeutic experience, and robust operational tools. Together, we help clients define and develop clinical programs, minimize delays and execute high-quality, cost-efficient clinical studies.

As an Assistant CRA, you will perform remote site management and monitoring activities on assigned project(s) in accordance with FDA and/or local regulations and guidelines, ICH GCPs and PPD procedural documents by reviewing study data from various sources remotely. You will contact study sites to collect study documentation, resolve issues and request outstanding information.

At PPD we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognize the power of being one team. We offer continued career advancement opportunities, award winning training and benefits focused on the health and wellbeing of our employees.

Summarized Purpose:
Performs site management and other related activities on assigned project(s) in accordance with the approved protocol, ICH-GCP guidelines, applicable regulations and PPD SOPs. Reviews study data from various sources remotely. Develops collaborative relationships with investigational sites and other stakeholders as applicable. May contact the study sites to collect study documentation, resolves issues and requests outstanding information if applicable.

Essential Functions:




Develops and maintains a close and collaborative communication with the site staff. Actively discusses protocol conduction, enrollment rates and strategies, open issues, EDC completion and queries, as well as any other topic or indicator associated to project status and site performance.
Completes/tracks/follows up ETRTR for subject data present in the EDC and other applicable systems, according to the study-specific guidelines. Raises manual queries in EDC when applicable.
Remotely reviews study logs as deemed necessary.
Conducts and documents site management calls/contacts according to the monitoring plan. Participates in investigator meetings. Investigates and follows-up on centralized monitoring findings.
Evaluates PI oversight (e.g., protocol adherence), subject safety and study processes to assess site’s ability to conduct study on a regular basis. Conducts remote investigations into site performance using a risk based monitoring approach: applying root cause analysis (RCA), critical thinking and problem-solving skills to help identify site process failure and work on corrective/preventive actions to bring the site into compliance and decrease risk.
Provides refresher training, follows up on outstanding administrative needs (e.g., outstanding/updated regulatory documents), assists with regulatory reviews, as requested, etc.
Reviews ad-hoc clinical listings review, tracks and trends violations and deviations, site status, enrollment, CRF status and SAE follow up.
Provides trial status tracking and progress update reports to study manager.
Participates in the investigator payment process, if applicable.
Liaises with internal staff to promptly collect documents, review data points and findings from EDC and file reviews, etc.
Assists in ensuring audit ready files and complying with CTMS and eTMF data stewardship. Contributes to company, client, and federal/local regulatory requirements/audit responses.
Detailed task assignment and responsibilities are outlined on the task matrix, as well as any applicable protocol guidelines.




Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in a life science-related field OR Registered Nurse license along with an Associate’s Degree in Nursing. Current PPD CRAs qualify to be considered for this role without having the degree requirements.

Prior clinical research experience 0-1 year as well as knowledge of clinical monitoring through classwork/training that provides the required knowledge skills and abilities. In some cases, previous experience in a clinical environment where experience is gained in clinical trials, data management, medical terminology, medical research or health care or experience in a health sciences field with formal training in medical terminology and anatomy may be considered.

Prefer individuals who aspire to advance into a CRA role.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Basic medical/therapeutic area knowledge and understanding of medical terminology
Ability to attain and maintain a working knowledge of ICH GCPs, applicable regulations and PPD procedural documents
Ability to successfully complete PPD’s Clinical Foundation Training Program (CFP)
Ability to successfully complete the RSM Onboarding Workshop
Ability to evaluate medical research data
Ability to advise, counsel, and motivate investigational sites
Effective oral and written communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with medical personnel
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills
Good organizational and time management skills
Proven flexibility and adaptability
Strong attention to detail
Ability to work in a team or independently, as required
Well-developed critical thinking skills, including but not limited to: critical mindset, in-depth investigation for appropriate root cause analysis and problem solving.
Ability to coach and mentor site personnel.
Good computer skills with good knowledge of MS Office ability to learn and use appropriate software. Leverage modern technology when applicable.
Ability to extract pertinent information from all study documents, electronic study data systems, CTMS and dashboards
Fluency in German and English languages

At PPD we hire the best, develop ourselves and each other, and recognise the power of being one team. We understand that you will want to grow both professionally and personally throughout your career, and therefore at PPD you will benefit from an award-winning learning and development programme, ensuring you reach your potential.

As well as being rewarded a competitive salary, we offer a benefits package based around the health and well-being of our employees. We have a flexible working culture, where PPD truly value a work-life balance. We’ve grown sustainably year on year but continue to offer a collaborative environment, with teams of colleagues eager to share expertise and have fun together. We are a global organisation but with a local feel.

Our 4i Values:

Integrity – Innovation – Intensity – Involvement

If you resonate with our 4i values above, and ultimately wish to accelerate the delivery of safe and effective therapeutics for some of the world’s most urgent health needs, submit your application – we’d love to hear from you!

Severely disabled applicants with the same aptitude will be given preferential treatment. / Schwerbehinderte Bewerber werden bei gleicher Eignung bevorzugt behandelt.

Diesen Job melden