Oliver Wyman - Data & Analytics Consulting - Analyst (m/d/f)
Oliver Wyman Group
10117 Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Schichten und Arbeitszeiten
Montag bis Freitag

About Us

Oliver Wyman is a global leader in management consulting. They combine creative enterprise, deep knowledge and an analytical rigour to create an extraordinary impact on projects. Data & Analytics Consulting is a specialist business unit within Oliver Wyman, set up in Newcastle-upon-Tyne in 2017 and has since expanded to Milan and Berlin. The business unit has a fast-paced start-up culture and provides high quality quantitative analytics for Oliver Wyman's global client.

Why Join Us?

Our work is marked by exceptional impact for our clients. By consistently producing results, we have earned a reputation for quality work and attractive career opportunities

A growing, entrepreneurial firm with exceptional economics
More client exposure on Day One and significant international opportunities
Developing the best talent, where your good ideas and hard work are rewarded
Attractive compensation for performance
A company that is committed to work-life balance and having fun

The type of work we do

Our challenging Analyst position offers exceptional career growth and opportunity to motivated and hardworking graduates

As an Analyst in our Data & Analytics Consulting Team you will:

Work effectively and collaboratively in a team
Structure and carry out essential research and analysis
Lead complex quantitative, strategic and financial analyses of corporations and businesses

Who can apply?

Applicants with a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline are eligible to apply for this vacancy (ideally Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science or Engineering degree)
Experience in using advanced analytics and data manipulation software - SAS, R, SQL, SPSS, or Python
Language skills: German and English (native/fluent)

Preferred Skills:

Previous experience in banking and financial institutions, with content in one or more of the following areas: credit risk measurement (e.g. Probability of Default, Loss Given Default, Exposure at Default), stress testing, financial modelling, RWA calculations, credit portfolio modelling, derivative pricing, fair value calculations, Asset Quality reviews, model validation, VaR, CVA or IRC modelling
First working experience in specialised consulting firms, top tier banking or financial institutions

How to apply?

Please click on apply to submit your CV, cover letter and transcript
If you would like to find out more information about Oliver Wyman, please visit www.oliverwyman.com/careers

Oliver Wyman is an equal opportunity employer and a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies. To learn more, please follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OliverWymanKarriere/, LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/oliver-wyman/ or Twitter: @OliverWyman

Diesen Job melden