Scientist Power Electronic Materials (m/f/d)
Heraeus Holding GmbH
63450 Hanau am Main
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Scientist Power Electronic Materials (m/f/d)
Heraeus Holding GmbH - 63450 Hanau am Main
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

Scientist Power Electronic Materials (m/f/d)

Location Hanau

Permanent
Full-Time/ Part-Time


About Heraeus

Solutions from the Heraeus Group provide faster internet, rid water of germs, and keep hearts beating in time. As a broadly diversified and globally leading family-owned technology company, we combine materials expertise and technological leadership to create the most diverse products, all with one thing in common: World-class quality. Working with customers around the world, we shape the future and provide vital innovations in the areas of environment, electronics, health, and industrial applications. Heraeus is one of the top 10 family-owned companies in Germany and has a team of around 16,200 employees in 40 countries.




The following challenges await you:
Development of innovative materials and material systems for power electronics – creating a more liveable world!
Management of development and funded projects for power electronic assemblies from idea to production.
Design of experiments, production of material samples, their further processing into prototypes for internal and external customers.
Design and planning of destructive and non-destructive tests in the Innovation and Application Center.
Planning of extensive testing, including testing of electronic, mechanical and chemical properties of materials.
Design and evaluation of material interaction and reliability studies.


Your profile:
Degree (MSc or PhD) in materials science/materials engineering, chemistry, physics, electrical engineering, or comparable field of study.
Professional experience in research and development of materials, or material systems for power electronics or comparable applications.
Experience in statistical design of experiments (DoE), analysis of test data, and software skills in MiniTab, Origin, Matlab or equivalent.
Ability to work independently, proactively drive projects forward, and goal-oriented thinking as well as high flexibility and willingness to learn.
Fluent in written and spoken English.

Curious? Apply now!

We look forward to receiving your documents by reference code 55006 via our online application portal.

Any further questions?

Our Recruiting Team, Heraeus Electronics, is happy to assist you by email: recruiting.het@heraeus.com. Or visit us at www.heraeus.com/careers.

Diesen Job melden