Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Working student (m/f/d) Software Testing
Expert Systems AG
10407 Berlin
Do you really want the perfect job? Or do you want the next step in your career to be deeply impactful? I can’t offer you perfect, but I can offer deep impact. I have a successful 11-year-old SaaS product that needs awesome skillsets (maybe yours?) to reach new heights. As a team we’re killing it in DE for our niche, but we have a lofty road map ahead of us (#disruptUSA) and a bus with a few key seats we still need to fill.

Still reading? Awesome. Let me intro myself, hi my name is Remo. I’m the co-founder of ProvenExpert. You will be working closely with me; therefore, I want to give you context on us, what the role is about and what we’re looking for.

Me and my colleagues are fighting for the little (wo)man – the small business owners and one-(wo)man-bands who grind each and every day to master their craft. They want to focus on delivering outstanding work and getting more clients – not sales and marketing. That’s where we come in as ProvenExpert – we provide a SaaS platform for small business owners to manage feedback and enable them to direct their online reputation.

As a working student (m/f/d), you will support us in various tasks related to quality assurance and make a decisive contribution to the continuous improvement of ProvenExpert.

Tasks

Where your expertise is needed ⭐️


Support in the creation of test cases
Execution of software tests
Assist in creating and updating test documentation, such as test plans, test reports, and other relevant documents.
Requirements

You’ll be great for this role if you have experience in

This is what we think we’re looking for, but perhaps you have other skills that are a great fit for the role which we haven’t considered; we encourage you to still apply.


You study computer science, mathematics or comparable subjects or have a very good technical understanding.
You are confident in using MS Office applications and have an affinity for IT.
Ideally, you know using Confluence and Jira.
Experience in performing and preparing data analyses is an advantage.
You are fluent in written and spoken German and English.
You have a solution-oriented, analytical and careful way of working with the highest sense of responsibility.
Benefits

Benefits


A career opportunity where your impact will be directly seen and recognised on our small team.
Being part of a diverse team of PHP geeks, creative minds, database tamers, social media junkies and concept gurus - no matter where you're from, you're welcome to join us.
Equipment you actually want. Let us know your preferred machine, we will make it work.
Being part of a successfully growing company - creative freedom, flat hierarchies and the opportunity to take on responsibility.
You work in modern, newly furnished offices in small teams
Does this sound like your next challenge? Then send us your complete application in English in a PDF document including earliest start date and salary requirements! Your contact Sabine Sandig is looking forward to hearing from you!
Diesen Job melden