Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Backend Engineer - (all genders)
Zalando
Berlin
THE ROLE & THE TEAM

Are you happy when shopping online and your order arrives the next day, all articles in a single box? And do you get frustrated when every article arrives separately, some even late? We do as well! And our team - Fulfillment Planning - is tackling exactly this challenge. We build the software that decides how fashion items move inside Zalando's Europe-wide logistics network and how they reach your home.

Come and join us! As a backend engineer, you will help us to speed up deliveries, avoid separate shipments, decrease our carbon footprint, and reduce logistic costs. Together we are developing algorithms that choose the best warehouse and carrier for every order of our 48 million active customers. Within a multidisciplinary team of researchers and engineers, you will work on highly critical systems at the heart of Zalando's e-commerce platform.

INCLUSIVE BY DESIGN

At Zalando, our vision is to be inclusive by design. And this vision starts with our hiring - we do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity, sexual orientation, personal expression, ethnicity, religious belief, or disability status. You are welcome to leave out your picture, age, or marital status from your application. We only assess candidates on their qualifications and merit.

We want to provide you with a great candidate experience. Feel free to inform us of any accommodations you may need, so we can best support you throughout the hiring process.

do.BETTER - our diversity & inclusion strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/dobetter-our-diversity-and-inclusion-strategy

Our employee resource groups: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/our-employee-resource-groups

WHAT WE'D LOVE YOU TO DO (AND LOVE DOING)
Create high-throughput scalable services with Kotlin
Write code that your peers praise for its elegance, readability, and maintainability
Become an expert on the internal operations of e-commerce giants
Identify new opportunities by closely working with our product managers
Advance our experimentation capabilities and shape our team's roadmap
Collaborate with other engineering teams on our journey towards a true platform architecture
Prepare for massive sales events that put our services under severe stress conditions
Learn about data analysis and operations research
Track down anomalies as every customer order counts
WE'D LOVE TO MEET YOU IF
Experienced with microservice architectures (like Spring Boot, Kubernetes, AWS, REST)
Taking ownership for the entire development cycle: Analyse, Design, Implement, Test, Ship, Maintain
Ensuring great code quality through code reviews and pair programming
Passionate about operational excellence with a keen attention to monitoring and logging
Promoting a strong culture of continuous improvement
Familiar with SQL and relational databases (like PostgreSQL)
Knowledgeable about computer science fundamentals
Fluent in English and clear & structured in your presentations
Comfortable with sharing your knowledge and mentoring peer engineers
OUR OFFER

Career Development

We offer peer-to-peer performance reviews twice a year
Learn and develop through our extensive Zalando training platform
Join regular all-hands, team meetings, Q&A-sessions, and quarterly anonymous employee surveys to ask your questions and provide your feedback
Support from an international team of experts; mentoring and professional development opportunities

Wellbeing

2 days paid leave per year for volunteering
Minimum of 27 holiday days per calendar year
Online sports courses, wellbeing, and nutrition advice offered by Humanoo personal wellbeing coach app
Mental wellbeing support by our Employee Assistance Program and professional consultants to help you find health resources

Flexibility

Flexible working hours
Relocation assistance for internationals
If you work from an office in your role, a choice of office equipment to be delivered to you, to support you working from home due to COVID-19 safety

Financial

Access to the employee shares program
40% shopping discount on products shipped and sold by Zalando, and 30% discount on Zalando Lounge
Discounts from a wide range of external partners

Family

Employee parents' forums and employee resource group
Supported transition into and out of parental leave, with a buddy and re-onboarding plan
3 fully-paid child sick days per year
Free counselling, assistance, and referral service for all matters concerning yourself and your family via the Fürstenberg Institute

Learn all about Zalando and our values here: https://jobs.zalando.com/en/?gh_src=22377bdd1us

ABOUT ZALANDO

Zalando is Europe's leading online platform for fashion, connecting customers, brands and partners across 25 markets.

In the Fulfillment Core department, we focus on the entire Network of Logistics Centers. Across this network we plan, track & predict millions of movements to make sure every fashion item across Europe finds its way to our 50 million active customers. Through this mission we are a key enabler to becoming the Starting Point for Fashion.

In our teams we develop and run high performing microservices and optimize algorithms as well as predictive models to innovate on the Convenience, Speed and Cost of our delivery experience.

Our values: https://jobs.zalando.com/en/our-founding-mindset

do.More - our sustainability strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/domore-our-sustainability-strategy

Follow us on Instagram: instagram.com/insidezalando




Please note that all applications must be completed using the online form - we do not accept applications via email.

Diesen Job melden