Mandatory Internship for Data Analytics / Data Science at Innovation Think Tank
Siemens Healthineers
(gehört zu Siemens)
91301 Forchheim
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Mode of Employment : Fixed Term / 35/week

Do you want to help create the future of healthcare? Our name, Siemens Healthineers, was selected to honor our people who dedicate their energy and passion to this cause. It reflects their pioneering spirit combined with our long history of engineering in the ever-evolving healthcare industry.
We offer you a flexible and dynamic environment with opportunities to go beyond your comfort zone in order to grow personally and professionally. Sound interesting?


Then come and join our global team as an Intern (f/m/d) for Data Analytics / Data Science at Innovation Think Tank and gain experience in an innovative environment.


Choose the best place for your work – Within the scope of this position, it is possible, in consultation with your manager, to work mobile (within Germany) up to an average volume of 60% of the respective working hours.


Your tasks and responsibilities:

Your tasks include working on various Data Analytics Projects together with our internal partners and various global locations
Your tasks also include concepts and improvements in medical technology and their supporting infrastructures, reaching from co-ideation, to co-creation and co-implementation, preparation and participation on meetings with projects providers
Fields of working can be:
Data Analytics
Machine Learning

To find out more about the specific business, have a look at Innovation Think Tank

Your qualifications and experience:

You are currently successfully studying medical engineering with specialization in data analytics, computer science, data science or any other related field, at least in the 4th bachelor or 1st master semester
You have already gathered some work experience


Your attributes and skills:

You are fluent in English, both written and spoken; knowledge of German is desirable
You have experience in (at least one of) the fields mentioned above
You like to challenge yourself to learn new skills
You are interested in working on a variety of different interdisciplinary projects
You feel at home in a multicultural, interdisciplinary environment
You are open to new ideas and interested in both working independently and in working in a team
You are exactly the right person for this position, if you are interested in solving real problems in the field of medical technology

This position is only available for mandatory / obligatory internships with a minimum period of 5 months depending on the study regulations of your university.

Possible internship locations are Erlangen and Forchheim in Bavaria, Germany.


Our global team:

Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company. 68,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of healthcare. An estimated 5 million patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.


Our culture:

Our culture embraces different perspectives, open debate, and the will to challenge convention. Change is a constant aspect of our work. We aspire to lead the change in our industry rather than just react to it. That’s why we invite you to take on new challenges, test your ideas, and celebrate success.

Check our Careers Site at https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/de/careers
As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome applications from individuals with disabilities.

Wish to find out more before applying? Contact us:
students.func@siemens-healthineers.com.


We care about your data privacy and take compliance with GDPR as well as other data protection legislation seriously. For this reason, we ask you not to send us your CV or resume by email. We ask instead that you create a profile in our talent community where you can upload your CV. Setting up a profile lets us know you are interested in career opportunities with us and makes it easy for us to send you an alert when relevant positions become open. Click here to get started.


Siemens Healthineers Germany was awarded the Great Place to Work® certificate.

Diesen Job melden