Senior Data Engineer (m / f / x)
PlanA.Earth GmbH
Deutschland
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
REMOTE

GermanyEngineeringFull time

Description

Plan A has set itself the ambitious goal to decarbonise a million businesses within the next few years, using science and technology. We offer a software for decarbonisation and ESG reporting capabilities, that enables businesses of the likes of BMW, Mollie, Sorare, GANNI, Chloé and N26, to successfully manage their net zero journey. Building and growing Plan A has been only possible thanks to our ever-expanding team across Europe. If our mission is aligned with your values and personal goals, we want to get to know you!

We are looking for a Senior Data Engineer that will support our mission by establishing a culture of testing and shared ownership, using the latest and greatest services and technologies. Your will:

Deliver tested data services (python), APIs, API integrations, and infrastructure (AWS with terraform) to contribute to the development of our carbon accounting and decarbonisation software
Work with stakeholders in the carbon accounting and product teams, and contribute to the discovery and architecting of new solutions
Take ownership of projects and topics, and provide a point of contact for delivery, maintenance, and troubleshooting
Support the team with technical reviews, documentation, and mentoring
Contribute to further growing the team during the hiring process
Requirements
Strong python skills
Working experience with relational and non-relational databases
Experience deploying AWS services with IaC (terraform), including Lambda, S3, IAM, ECS, DynamoDB, and RDS
Experience building, maintaining, and documenting APIs (fastAPI, flask, etc.)
Experience delivering simple, clean, and well tested code
Benefits
Employee Stock Options (VSOP)
Company pension option
Discounts and benefits via the Plan A Corporate Benefits Platform
Mental health coaching
Access to online learning platforms (e.g. Masterclass, Master Plan) and online magazines (e.g. Sifted)
Monthly team activities, company on- and offsite, and weekly team in-person gatherings on a Friday evening
Dog-friendly office
Flexibility to work remotely, in-office, or a bit of both
28 vacation days per year, 30 days working-from-anywhere, plus annual educational leave and sabbatical leave

What you can expect from Plan A

Contribution to a bigger purpose! Push the needle on climate action by contributing to the success of our carbon management and ESG software!
We value collaboration over competition. You will become part of a cooperative and cross-functional environment, where we value sharing knowledge and best practices.
We are always growing and so are you. We support you with “MyPlan A”, your personalised career journey, in hitting your professional development goals and your vision for life.
Enjoy the perks of remote work but always feel free to join us in our offices.
Diesen Job melden