Senior Lead Data Science (m/f/d)
E. Breuninger GmbH & Co.
Stuttgart
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Fashion and lifestyle, 6,500 employees, 13 department stores, Online store in Germany, Poland, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain, the Netherlands and Switzerland, over 2,000 brands, 25 restaurants & confectioneries, 15 first-class services, three hair salons and always a special shopping experience - that is Breuninger. A traditional company that goes international, clearly defines its goals and creates innovative opportunities.

Deine Aufgaben

Our headquarters are located in Stuttgart. However, the job can be performed fully remote.

As Senior Lead Data Science in the Marketing Intelligence team, you have the entire functional leadership of Marketing Data Science and are responsible for developing statistical models and algorithms to continuously optimize our (digital) marketing
In particular, you continuously develop our data-driven attribution model and marketing mix modelling with your team of data scientists and act as sparring partner for marketing analysts and (digital) marketing managers
Improve our e-commerce and its complex challenges with machine learning solutions, artificial intelligence and predicitive analytics and solve business-related questions
You work closely with Marketing Tech, Online Marketing, CRM Marketing, Product Owners, and other Data Science teams. You learn about their goals and challenges and serve as an expert and sparring partner to different stakeholders in the company
Dein Profil
You have a successfully completed degree in business, business/ media informatics, mathematics, data science, or a comparable course of study
You have several years of experience in the field of data science and ideally have knowledge in e-commerce or digital marketing
You have a high level of expertise in Python, SQL, as well as R, and have a solid background in machine learning and predictive analytics
You ideally have experience in (technical) leadership of employees
You have excellent communication skills
You are a team player and an active driver of change. You think results-oriented and own a strong analytical mindest.
Wir bieten

With us, you have the opportunity to work in a modern, agile and appreciative environment. Does that appeal to you? Then you will find a team at Breuninger in which you can feel comfortable and where you can make a lasting impact.

Attractive salary package with company pension plan and voluntary social benefits such as vacation pay and Christmas bonus
30% employee discount on all products and services, including catering, hairdressing, etc.
Personal and professional development opportunities and a management development program
Flexibility with vacation days in form of additional paid vacation days through deferred compensation
Workation and the possibility to work from other European countries - full flexibility through remote work & workation
Company benefits and attractive discounts from up to 21,000 companies
Job bike leasing through deferred compensation
Have we aroused your interest? Then we should get to know each other!We look forward to receiving your online application with details of your availability and salary expectations.
Anstellungsart

Vollzeit

Einstiegsart

Berufserfahrung

Standort

Stuttgart

Geschäftsbereich

E-Commerce

Dein Kontakt

Teresa Nguyen

Diesen Job melden