Engineering CAD Specialist
FEV Group GmbH
Deutschland
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Reference Number: IT

Engineering CAD Specialist

Location:
Germany, Aachen; Romania, Bucharest; Romania, Remote - Romania; Romania, Romania; Romania, Timișoara

Worktime:
Full-time
What we do - And why!

Mobility connects people. As the top engineering partner for our global customers, our goal is to shape the future of mobility. With over 6.600 employees around the globe, we develop revolutionary and efficient drive systems, we cross-link vehicles with each other and their surroundings, and we strive to make our lives safer using intelligent systems. Join our international team at FEV and work on groundbreaking projects with colleagues from various fields. Collaborate with us on innovative projects to make an impact on the future of our world's roads.

Your Tasks



Support of the CAD application environment.
The most common CAD tools are used, above all Dassault CATIA, Siemens NX and PTC Creo.
In the PDM environment, PTC Windchill and Siemens Teamcenter are used.
The scope of duties includes the provision and preparation of SCCM apps for automated software distribution of CAD applications.
Coordination of CAD software requirements with the key users and project offices.
CAD 3rd level support for the business users
Maintenance and monitoring of the application environment for license provisioning
Documentation of the CAD landscape in the Enterprise Architecture Model (LeanIX)
Maintenance of the associated data records in the 4ME Support Portal.
Provision of information updates on the applications in the established information forums.
Your Profile
University degree in computer science, engineering science or related fields or comparable qualification
Practical experience with baseline CAD applications (CATIA, NX, CREO)
Experience in the use of PDM systems
Basic understanding of processes based on tool chains.
IT project management experience and knowledge of ITIL based service management (nice to have)
Very good English skills spoken and written
Independent work style and ability to motivate all team and project members
Strong communication skills, also in an international environment

What we offer

Shape the mobility of tomorrow




Work on innovative and cutting-edge challenges and projects in the automotive industry with the perspective of implementing own ideas and solutions.




A friendly and inspirational work atmosphere in a young team.




Competitive salary on the market.




Appealing benefits like meal tickets, health program subscription, sport activities.




In case of your interest in the position, please send your CV in English, using the Apply button. Please note that we’ll contact only chosen candidates. FEV Romania guarantees alignment with the General Data Protection Regulation.




Adrian Minza
FEV Romania

Phone: +40 770 596 561

Diesen Job melden