Data Engineer (f/m/d)
GEA Group
40468 Düsseldorf
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Data Engineer (f/m/d)
Contact us Apply for this job
Job information
Apply by

29-06-2023

Reference number

JR-0023492

Job function

GEA Digital

Position type

Full time

Site

Düsseldorf
Peter-Müller-Straße 12, 40468 Düsseldorf

Your responsibilities and tasks:

We are committed to building a sustainable future and want to be fully neutral on CO2e by 2040. To achieve this goal, we believe that digital technologies and products are essential.

We are looking for a skilled Data Engineer (f/m/d) to enhance the data capabilities and services/systems of our divisional digital units. As a valued member of our team, you will play a pivotal role in developing customer offerings that are based on Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) data.

The GEA Digital Hub Düsseldorf is dedicated to digitalizing GEA's customer interface, creating new digital products and services, and establishing innovative business models. Working collaboratively with digital units across all divisions, the Hub offers GEA-wide platforms, services, and methods to support these efforts. As a corporate start-up, the GEA Digital Hub operates with an agile approach, driving digital transformation throughout the company.

At GEA Digital we believe that collaboration is essential to our success. We work closely across locations and areas of expertise to achieve our common goals.

Through digitalization, we strive together with the customer to achieve the highest availability and productivity of our machines and systems with the smallest ecological footprint. By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to contribute to a more sustainable world while learning about new technologies and developing your skills as a Data Engineer.

Your Responsibilities:

You build data products & pipelines with a focus on IIoT data

Create tools & frameworks which simplify working with data – for yourself and colleagues like domain matter experts or data scientists

Collaborate with multidisciplinary teams, guiding and supporting them from ideation to production phase of a data product

Improve our data platform and evaluate new products and solutions

You engage in our data engineering / science guild and use your experience to enhance the data capabilities of colleagues across the organization

You keep your knowledge up-to date by actively leveraging training resources and dedicated support provided by our partners like Databricks / Microsoft or joining relevant tech conferences.

Your profile and qualifications:

A relevant degree or alternatively a track record in Data Engineering teams

Proven experience in the field of Data Engineering

Good development experience in at least one language (preferred Python) and solid SQL skills

Proficiency using analytics frameworks like Spark / Databricks and using hyperscalers (Azure preferred)

Prior experience in IIoT related data is welcome, but not mandatory

Fluent in English

What we offer:

We are looking for talented individuals to join our team and help us achieve our mission of being better through digitalization. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with like-minded professionals from around the world, all with a shared purpose of making a positive impact on the society.

We value diversity and inclusivity and strive to create a culture that is welcoming to all. We offer competitive salaries and benefits packages, including flexible work arrangements and opportunities for career advancement.

Join us in our mission to make a difference through digitalization and help us create a better world for the future generations.

Our benefits:

Working in a supportive, appreciative and international team

Various possibilities for further education through seminars, workshops and team events

Company pension scheme and accident insurance

30 vacation days per year

Permanent employment in full-time

Work-life balance hybrid working model as a combination of home-office and working in our Hub

Corporate benefits- discounts on fitness memberships, language courses etc.

Great public transport connections

GEA is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will therefore receive consideration for employment without regard to age, sex, race, color, religion, world view, national origin, genetics, disability, gender identity, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other protected characteristic required by applicable law. Applicants with disabilities are welcome and will be given special consideration if they are equally qualified.

Diesen Job melden