Working Student (m/f/d) Federated Learning
Veridos GmbH
81677 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

We are a young company with hundreds of years of experience.

Working Student (m/f/d) Federated Learning

Location: Munich
Stellen-ID: 22374
Business Sector: Veridos GmbH

Veridos handles innovative, large-scale projects every day. Whether it’s transferring 40,000 handwritten pages to a centralized population register, establishing a nationwide IT and data capture infrastructure, or issuing a country’s first standardized national smart ID cards – the experts at Veridos can expect to be regularly involved in interesting, ground-breaking and large-scale projects such as These.

Do you want to support our mission to provide governments around the world with the best identity solutions for their citizens? Would you like to do your bit to make the world a little safer for everyone?

Veridos is a valued and trusted partner of governments and regional authorities all over the world – we already count more than 70 countries among our clients. In addition to our headquarters in Berlin and offices in Munich, Veridos also has representatives around the world, including the United States, Canada, Mexico, Singapore, and the United Arab Emirates. We currently employ around 400 people worldwide.

Our very international team includes people from a variety of academic and professional backgrounds and many different countries. Collectively, we speak more than 10 different languages.

Job Overview:
As a working student specializing in federated learning, you will have the opportunity to work closely with our Machine Learning Engineers on an exciting project aimed at acquiring know-how on Federated Learning.
Your contributions will play a pivotal role in the development and implementation of federated learning techniques to address real-world challenges.


Your tasks:
Train an object classification model with a freely accessible dataset and define benchmark metrics
Federation split of the data and explorative benchmarking of different federated scenarios
Conduct experiments, analyze results, and contribute to the knowledge acquisition of the team
Conduct research on federated learning methodologies, techniques, and applications
Actively participate in team meetings, share ideas, and provide valuable insights

Your profile:
Currently pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field
Strong understanding of machine learning principles and algorithms
Familiarity with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch
Proficiency in Python programming
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to think critically
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, and able to work independently and in a team environment

What We Offer:


A dynamic and collaborative work environment that encourages innovation and growth
Hands-on experience in cutting-edge federated learning development
Mentorship from experienced Machine Learning Engineers
Flexible working hours to accommodate your academic commitments
Opportunity to contribute to ground-breaking projects
The position is available from June to the end of September with possibility to extend

Did we spark your interest?

We are looking forward to receiving your application. Please make sure to let us know your earliest starting date.

Veridos GmbH
Prinzregentenstr. 161, 81677 Munich

Diesen Job melden