Working Student - IT Engineer (m/f/d)
Corning
12489 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Date: May 22, 2023

Location: Berlin, DE, 12489

Company: Corning

Requisition Number: 59807




Corning is vital to progress – in the industries we help shape and in the world we share.

We invent life-changing technologies using materials science. Our scientific and manufacturing expertise, boundless curiosity, and commitment to purposeful invention place us at the center of the way the world interacts, works, learns, and lives.

Our sustained investment in research, development, and invention means we’re always ready to solve the toughest challenges alongside our customers.



Our Optical Communications segment has recently evolved from being a manufacturer of optical fiber and cable, hardware and equipment to being a comprehensive provider of industry-leading optical solutions across the broader communications industry.This segment is classified into two main product groupings – carrier network and enterprise network. The carrier network product group consists primarily of products and solutions for optical-based communications infrastructure for services such as video, data and voice communications. The enterprise network product group consists primarily of optical-based communication networks sold to businesses, governments and individuals for their own use.




Role: IT Engineer as Working Student

Contributes to IT engineering and operations for IT Systems and Services in our Research and Development Office and Pilot Plant.
Acts as a business consultant to deliver efficient IT services and cost-effective solutions.
Drives Data management consolidation, optimization and training of business stakeholders.
Participates in cyber security programs and documentation of IT Systems and Solutions.



Requirements:

Participation in a Technical Bachelor’s Degree Program
Talent and Interest in Technology overall
Excellent German and English language skills



Desired Experience:

Experience in IT Infrastructure: LAN, WAN, Wireless, Voice, Servers, Storage, Databases, Client Computing, Thin Clients, Firewalls
Experience with Operating Systems and Applications: Windows, Linux, Android, IOs, SAP, M365



Soft Skills:

Strong communication skills and flexibility to work with diverse teams
Highly motivated and self-driven
Flexible and creative mindset in engineering IT solutions with a hands-on mentality

Diesen Job melden