Doktoranden-Stipendium (m/w/d)
Hasso-Plattner-Institut
14482 Potsdam
Schnellbewerbung
Ph.D. Position in Process Mining at Hasso Plattner Institute

As part of joint research work between Hasso Plattner Institute and Kühne Logistics University (KLU) we are looking for a PhD student interested in research on the topic of “Process Mining". The Business Process Technology group at HPI and KLU collaborate in the fields of Business Process Management, Data Science, and Process Mining. The overall goal of the research work is to identify and explore the potential of Process Mining in new settings such as Supply Chain Management or Healthcare.


Position

We are looking for candidates interested in both conceptual work and as well as software engineering and development.

The PhD student working on the topic of Process Mining will be granted a scholarship by HPI and will join the BPT Group. The PhD student will be supervised by Prof. Dr. Henrik Leopold.


Requirements

The candidate should meet the following requirements:

Solid background and an MSc Degree in one or more of the following fields: Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, Information Systems;
Strong interest in combining BPM with data science in real-life applications;
Good programming skills;
Excellent communication skills in English, both in speaking and in writing (candidates from non-English speaking countries should be prepared to prove their English language skills);
Ability to work in a team.

The PhD student is expected to:

Perform scientific research in the described field;
Participate in activities of the group and department;
Participate in teaching activities;
Participate in courses of the PhD Program of HPI;
Present and publish results at international conferences and journals;

For more information contact Prof. Dr. Henrik Leopold (e-mail: henrik.leopold@the-klu.org)


Application

The application should consist of the following:

Cover letter explaining your motivation and qualifications for the position,
Detailed CV,
BSc and MSc Certificates and transcript of records (in English or German),
List of publications (e.g. MSc Thesis) and software artefacts developed (if applicable),
Names of three referees.

Application documents (as pdf) should be sent as to Prof. Dr. Henrik Leopold via e-mail (henrik.leopold@the-klu.org)

Position will be open until filled.


Prof. Dr. Henrik Leopold

Hasso Plattner Institute
BPT Group
University of Potsdam
Prof.-Dr.-Helmert-Str. 2-3
14482 Potsdam
Germany

Diesen Job melden