Two Postdoc Positions for THz at PITZ
Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY
15738 Zeuthen
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

Remuneration Group 13 | Limited: 3 years | Starting date: 01.08.2023 | ID: APPO005/2023 | Deadline: 30.06.2023 | Full-time/Part-time

DESY, with more than 2900 employees at its two locations in Hamburg and Zeuthen, is one of the world's leading research centres. Its research focuses on decoding the structure and function of matter, from the smallest particles of the universe to the building blocks of life. In this way, DESY contributes to solving the major questions and urgent challenges facing science, society and industry. With its ultramodern research infrastructure, its interdisciplinary research platforms and its international networks, DESY offers a highly attractive working environment in the fields of science, technology and administration as well as for the education of highly qualified young scientists.

The Photo-Injector Test facility at DESY in Zeuthen (PITZ, near Berlin) focuses on the development of high brightness electron sources for Free Electron Lasers (FELs) such as FLASH and the European XFEL as well as on applications of high brightness beams like the world’s first high-power THz SASE FEL and unique research capabilities for tumor radiotherapy and radiation biology.
The positions are allocated to the optimization and exploration of the THz radiation generated by the THz SASE FEL at PITZ as well as the study of THz FEL seeding options. We are looking for postdocs with experimental and theoretical background in accelerators, who will join our team for the further development of the high-power tunable accelerator-based THz source for pump-probe experiments at the European XFEL in cooperation with local and international partners.

About your role:

Work in one of the leading groups developing and testing photo injectors and their applications (with focus on the further development and optimization of the high-power tunable accelerator-based THz source at PITZ)
Work in an international team of physicists and engineers
Take responsibility in coordinating, performing, and analyzing the THz source related scientific program at PITZ
Be in charge of simulation studies, data taking and analysis procedures, as well as diagnostics hardware components, e.g. THz diagnostics
Develop innovative concepts, techniques and applications for PITZ and other accelerator facilities
Join the accelerator operation
Good reasons to join:

Look forward to a unique working environment on our international research campus. We attach particular importance to appreciative cooperation and the well-being of our DESY employees. Gender equality is an important aspect for us. To support work life balance we offer flexible working hours, variable part-time, job-sharing models and participation in mobile work. You will benefit from our family-friendly and collegial atmosphere, our established health management and occupational pension provision. As a public funded employer, we offer you a secure workplace and facilitate your individual career with our comprehensive training and development opportunities. Remuneration is according to the regulations of the TV-AVH. DESY offers its employees a financial supplement for a German job ticket at both locations.

About you:

Excellent university degree in physics or engineering with PhD or equivalent qualification
Knowledge in accelerator physics and experience in accelerator techniques and beam dynamics
Knowledge of SASE and seeded FEL theory, simulation skills in these areas, and experience in advanced THz diagnostics (e.g. single shot EOS) are advantageous
Interest in and capability of guiding small teams of students, as well as working in close collaboration with engineers and technicians
Good knowledge of English is required, knowledge of German is of advantage

For further information please contact Mikhail Krasilnikov at +49 33762 77 213 (mikhail.krasilnikov@desy.de).

Please submit your complete application documents (letter of motivation and research interests, CV, list of publications, relevant certificates and three letters of references). Please use our online tool for the submission of the letters of reference: Additional application documents

We look forward to receiving your application via our application portal:



Apply now



DESY promotes equal opportunities and diversity. The professional development of women is very important to us and therefore we strongly encourage women to apply for the vacant position. Applications from severely disabled persons will be given preference if they are equally qualified.

You can find further information here:
https://www.desy.de/career/

Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY
Personalabteilung
Notkestraße 85
22607 Hamburg
Phone: +49 40 8998-3392
Diesen Job melden