PhD Molecular Biology (all genders) I Beiersdorf
Beiersdorf AG
Hamburg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

At Beiersdorf, we want to help people feel good about their skin – and our commitment goes far beyond caring for skin. For 140 years, we have developed innovative skin and body care products for well-known brands such as NIVEA, Eucerin, La Prairie, Hansaplast, and Labello. We act according to our purpose, WE CARE BEYOND SKIN, and take responsibility for our consumers, our employees, the environment and society.

Behind every brand, every product and every accomplishment are our more than 20,000 employees. It is for them that we live an inclusive culture of respect and trust that is strongly aligned with our values – CARE, COURAGE, SIMPLICITY and TRUST. We also embrace diversity by valuing the uniqueness of each individual and being committed to equal opportunities for all.

Your Tasks

As part of your PhD in our Dermatological Skin Care lab, you will help us to understand skin diseases and pave the way for creating innovative skincare products. You will work on a cutting-edge science projects that will improve patients’ lives using exciting technologies such as single-cell RNA sequencing on human skin samples that were collected in clinical studies. You will work on improving inflammatory skin disease models in vitro to further advance animal-free research. You will be part of a wonderful team of biologists and bioinformaticians, collaborate with universities and hospitals, and be supported by our renowned national and international scientific experts at different scientific institutions. You will acquire strong skills in applying molecular biology methods, computationally analyze complex datasets and present your data to co-workers and the scientific community. You will work both in industrial as well as academic research settings and get insights into the R&D processes of a leading global skin care company.

Your Profile

We are looking for an enthusiastic candidate with an excellent master’s degree or equivalent in the fields of Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Biomedicine or similar, who is well versed in working in a molecular biology laboratory. Additionally, you fulfill at least some of the following requirements:

Highly motivated with a curious mindset and a passion for research
Experience with in vitro cell culture and flow cytometry
Ideally a strong background in immunology, in vitro models or skin science
Ideally some previous experience with data analysis using R or similar programs, or at least the willingness to acquire computational skills
Ability to work efficiently autonomously and in a team
Fluency in written and spoken English is mandatory
Additional information

At Beiersdorf, we embrace Diversity and aim to provide equal opportunities to all of our applicants – regardless of e.g. gender, sexual identity, nationality, ethnicity, religion or ideology, disability or age. We would therefore kindly ask you to include only information and data in your documents which are relevant for the assessment of your application (e.g. curriculum vitae with relevant references and certificates). For instance, please feel free to upload your CV without a picture. If you have any questions, please contact our recruiter Carina Huesmann via Students_RC@Beiersdorf.com.

Diesen Job melden