Senior Data Analyst / Data Engineer (m/f/d)
VEACT GmbH
81669 München
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your tasks

VEACT is the data expert for the automotive industry. We digitize the automotive retail marketing and sales processes. Byconnecting real time data from car manufactures and customer information from car dealers, we cancreate unique marketing campaigns for our customers.
The VEACT Datahub is Europe's leading data platform for automotive retail and aftersales.
Work with PostgreSQL, Python, dbt and Tableau.


You will own our data analytics stack and continuously refine the tooling landscape
Define, build and automate ETL pipelines
Create stunning Tableau visualizations to support the decision-making process and to market dealer-targeted reports
Work closely with different stakeholders from all departments to identify trends and to answer specific questions
Use your ideas to enhance and develop customer-centric analytic products for our analytics platform
Use statistical tools to interpret data sets (trends or patterns for diagnostics or predictive analysis)

Your Profile

Computer science, natural science degree or equivalent vocational training and work experience
You're passionate about big data and how to create business insides out of data
You have several years of experience in building ETL pipelines and creating reports
Good knowledge of SQL and experienced handling of RDS systems
Very good knowledge in at least one programming language, preferably Python
Familiar with tools like Tableau or similar
Knowledge of AWS data tooling is a plus
Fluent in written and spoken English, advanced language skills in German are a plus
Structured, independent, and solution-oriented way of working

Why VEACT

We're offering you a varied and responsible position with exciting career development opportunities in a fast-growing, innovative tech company. A friendly, highly motivated, international team awaits you at a central location in Munich. We also offer you the opportunity to work fully remote from home within this position.

Mutual respect, solution-oriented work, relentless forging of new ideas and achieving the highest quality standards are the core values that shape our company philosophy. You want to realise your ideas and achieve great things? Then you've found the right place. In addition to an attractive salary, you can expect many benefits such as our VEACT Bonus Card for tax-free benefits in kind, the VEACT Academy, regular events, flexible working hours and much more.

Have we caught your attention? Then apply now, indicating your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date, to recruiting@veact.net or use our application form.

About us

VEACT is the data expert for the automotive industry. We digitize all retail marketing and sales processes. To do this, we evaluate all available data sources of our customers and support them in making their campaigns more successful with the help of our VEACT Marketing Cloud.
Our new VEACT Datahub is Europe's leading data platform for automotive retail and wholesale. We connect the data flow between dealership systems (e.g. DMS) and an ever-growing number of innovative applications from our partners – for fast, easy and secure access to relevant dealership data.

Our goal is to make automotive retail innovative and future-proof. That's why, together with other young and motivated technology companies from a wide range of segments in the industry, in 2020 we launched the association "Netzwerk Autohaus Transformation e. V." (NAT).

Want to know more about us?
www.joinveact.net

Diesen Job melden