Intern in Machine Learning (f/m/d)
Bayer
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Intern in Machine Learning (f/m/d)
Bayer - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen

At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ,Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility. We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’. There are so many reasons to join us. If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.




Intern in Machine Learning (f/m/d)




YOUR TASKS AND EDUCATIONAL OBJECTIVES




Work with the Applied Machine Learning team to develop, improve or deploy AI models and algorithms.
Analyze data sets and perform data pre-processing.
Implement and test machine learning models.
Conduct experiments to evaluate the performance of machine learning models.
Work with other teams to integrate machine learning models into software applications.
Communicate results and progress to the Applied Machine Learning team and other stakeholders.



WHO YOU ARE




Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or related field.
Strong programming skills in Python or other programming languages.
Familiarity with machine learning algorithms and libraries.
Familiarity with data pre-processing techniques.
Good communication skills and ability to work in a team environment.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently
Familiarity with medical image analysis, cheminformatics or computational biology/bioinformatics
Experience with deep learning models and frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.
Experience with cloud-based data platforms such as AWS or GCP.
Familiarity with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark or similar.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau.



We look forward to receiving your online application for an internship or master thesis starting immediately for 6 months or more.





YOUR APPLICATION



Local regulations and legal requirements vary per country of hire and will be discussed with considered candidates individually based on their potential of hire.






Bayer welcomes applications from all individuals, regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, union membership, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.



Bayer is committed to providing barrier-free access and support-facilities for individuals with disabilities - during the application process and beyond. Applicants with disabilities are encouraged to request any support / equipment they may need via the contact information below.







Location:
Germany : Berlin : Berlin


Division:
Pharmaceuticals


Reference Code:
793709
Diesen Job melden