Senior Data Scientist (d/f/m) - Munich, Germany
Entrix Energy
München
Schnellbewerbung

The sustainable energy future depends on every megawatt-hour generated being intelligently managed to match the energy demand. Entrix is a Munich-based start-up, our intelligence enables the energy transition and unlocks the full value of flexible energy assets such as large batteries.

And therefore, we need you: An impact driven, ambitious and committed team player who shares our vision and values. It will be your mission to develop the features of our solution that transitions the energy system to become intelligent, flexible and finally sustainable.

Your Responsibilities
Research, develop, and adapt algorithms that unlock the capacity in the energy system through optimized returns in trading the flexibility of our assets
Create data science solutions that solve business challenges through well engineered, elegant technical answers (focus on software)
Advance our product development roadmap and help scaling our solutions to further applications expanding the reach of our solution
Foster technical excellence, drive best practices contribute to our open, data driven engineering culture
Building, iterating, deploying and maintaining code from scratch to excellence



Your Profile
5+ years experience in a quantitative role, preferably in the energy sector or a leading tech firm or start-up
Expert in Python
You hold a degree in statistics, informatics, computer science, energy systems or a similar field
You have developed creative solutions to real-world problems
You have experience with building machine learning solutions to practical problems, and implemented it in an operative application environment
Excellent English communication and interpersonal skills
You enjoy solving problems and sparring ideas in a cross-functional team with our battery engineers, software engineers,product managers and business developers

At Entrix, we are committed to diversity - of backgrounds and experiences. You don't need 100% of the preferred qualifications to add incredible value to our team. If you're passionate about what you could accomplish here, we'd love to hear from you.




Your Benefits
Competitive Compensation Package: Including salary, benefits and options
Professional Development: Annual development budget of 3,000 € for coachings, trainings, books, etc.
Health & Sport Subsidy: Company subsidised sports facilities membership
Public Transportation Subsidy: Monthly subsidy to your public transport ticket
Lunch/Dinner Allowance Vouchers: Allowance for meals on working days as digital meal vouchers
Work Equipment: Mac Book or Windows Laptop, iPhone (also for private use) and ergonomic workplace
Regular Team Events: Knowledge Sessions, Afterwork, Sports, Offsites, Halloween, Pride Month, etc.
Flexible Work Setup: An office at the heart of Munich and possibility to work from home

Work Location

On-site (3 days in-office, 2 days remote (optional)).




Contact

Your contact person is Salim Osei (Recruiting & Employer Branding Working Student).

If you have any questions, feel free to send us an email to talent@entrixenergy.com

We are looking forward to receiving your application!

Diesen Job melden