MASTERTHESIS ON AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMS AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
85051 Ingolstadt
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

At the Fraunhofer Application Center »Connected Mobility and Infrastructure« in Ingolstadt, concepts and technologies are being developed to make the mobility of the future safer, more efficient and more resource-friendly. Questions of automated and cooperative driving are dealt with as well as topics related to autonomous flying. The young and dynamic team has broad expertise in the fields of sensor technology, communication and Artificial Intelligence and uses synergies with local industry, the Technical University and the city of Ingolstadt.




What you will do

For our current research projects we are looking for motivated students who would like to write their thesis in the field of Autonomous Systems and Artificial Intelligence. In the context of the Master thesis you can contribute your competences to various projects and support us in the following areas:




Urban Air Mobility (autonomous flying and autopilot)
autonomous mobility
sensor data fusion
Artificial Intelligence and simulation


What you bring to the table

student in Computer or Data Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical and Information Engineering, or a related field
strong background in the areas of Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and/or Computer Vision
excellent academic performance
very good programming skills in Python and/or C++
experience with frameworks such as ROS and PyTorch/TensorFlow
structured, self-dependent and result-oriented way of working
ambition, creativity and commitment in the daily work routine
high motivation and ability to work in a team



What you can expect

challenging tasks in cutting-edge and application-relevant subject areas
interdisciplinary research on promising technologies
professional supervision
adequate remuneration
a modern research infrastructure
flexible working hours
a young, dynamic team in an open and friendly working environment



Fraunhofer is Europe’s largest application-oriented research organization. Our research efforts are geared entirely to people’s needs: health, security, communication, energy and the environment. We are creative. We shape technology. We design products. We improve methods and techniques. We open up new vistas.





The Fraunhofer Institute for Transportation and Infrastructure Systems IVI in Dresden employs more than 150 research fellows in five departments and collaborates closely with the TU Dresden, the TU Bergakademie Freiberg and the Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt.




The weekly working time is 39 hours. We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.

Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!




If you have any questions, please contact:




Henri Meeß
henri.meess@ivi.fraunhofer.de
phone +49 (0) 172 5169897





Fraunhofer Application Center »Connected Mobility and Infrastructure«





Visiting address
Stauffenbergstraße 2a
85051 Ingolstadt




Postal address
Technische Hochschule Ingolstadt
Esplanade 10
85049 Ingolstadt




Please state the requisition number: IVI-Hiwi-00700

Fraunhofer Institute for Transportation and Infrastructure Systems IVI




Requisition Number: IVI-Hiwi-00700 Application Deadline:

Diesen Job melden