Power BI Developer & Data Engineer (m/w/d)
PHOENIX Pharmahandel GmbH & Co KG
Fürth
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

29 countries. Around 45,000 colleagues. 70,000 pharmacies supplied and millions of patients: Join PHOENIX! Support us in supplying the people of Europe with medicines and healthcare products quickly and reliably - and experience a job that is as diverse as it is important. Where you can proactively master challenges, implement ideas and drive change. Look forward to pure variety at a successful, future-proof family company, the market-leading pharmaceutical retailer in Germany and at the same time the best integrated healthcare provider in Europe.

For our Competence Centre IT & Digital we are looking for a Power BI Developer & Data Engineer (m/f/d) for our location in Fürth, Mannheim, Stuttgart or Sofia (Bulgaria).

Ihre Aufgaben
In your role as Power BI Developer and Data Engineer for our in-house customers you will develop data pipelines and reporting solutions in an international enterprise environment.
As part of our group DevOp team you will migrate existing ETL processes, reporting solutions and dashboards to our new AZURE Cloud-based Power BI platform and participate in a project to develop logistics reports for a country ERP rollout.
You coach and consult our internal business units on their journey from idea and concept to their final reporting solutions and dashboards as an inhouse BI Consultant
In close collaboration with our architects you will create and enhance data pipelines and create cubes if needed
You will support the initial setup and administration of our Power BI platform configuration, consult our service owner regarding Power BI governance topics and act as 3rd level support
Ihr Profil
University degree, preferably in business informatics / data science or a similar education or long-term business experience
Excellent knowledge of Power BI, practical experience with report visualization and dashboard development including data preparation (cubes) based on data from complex data warehouses (SQL server, AZURE)
Excellent knowledge of T-SQL and Python, practical experience with Data Bricks and Notebooks in AZURE.
You have good analytics skills and are interested in logistics and financial business processes
You are a customer-oriented team player, are used to a self-organized working style, are eager to learn and feel comfortable working in an international environment coaching and consulting of business users in tight collaboration
Language Skills: Proficiency in English

Our Benefits:

Future-proof: We are growing and expanding. We are the market leader and offer you a permanent employment contract, 13 monthly salaries, vacation pay as well as 30 days of vacation and much more. (job bike, company pension scheme, etc.
Reconciliation of private and professional life: We offer mobile office and flexible working time models.
Career: We promote you! There are great opportunities within the PHOENIX Group.
Continuing education: We would love to - we are happy if you are eager to learn. The PHOENIX Learning World offers you an exclusive range of further training courses.
Team: This is how we work. We promote team cohesion through small and large events.


Please apply online including your salary expectation and your earliest possible starting date. Your contact person is Erik Sabo. We are looking forward to your application!

Diesen Job melden