Technical Project Manager (Service Packaging)- (w/m/d) - Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg
Tesla
Grünheide (Mark)
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
What to Expect
Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg marks a defining moment in Europe for Tesla’s mission of accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Here we will launch revolutionary products on a massive scale, using extraordinary speed, innovation and efficiency. Our employees will ensure that we achieve our goals, and we welcome you to help us write the next chapter of our success story.

The Material Planning group in Supply Chain is responsible for the reliable and efficient flow of all direct materials to Tesla’s factories, service locations and other relevant sites. Packaging engineering group is responsible for design, implementation and management of packaging related operations. As a Technical Project in the packaging engineering team, you will support process improvements, systems capabilities, and data insights that are critical in order to drive efficiency in the packaging business function.
You will work with the packaging engineering, planning, manufacturing and other material flow stakeholders in other organizations to identify key process and systems improvements required for scalability and efficiency. You will be a thought leader in developing solutions as well as managing the project execution. This requires you to acquire deep subject matter knowledge about the Material Planning process, Packaging systems and KPIs. It is essential that you can think strategically, connecting the dots in the bigger picture, as well as being comfortable in the details of the deliverables. The role is expected to simultaneously handle multiple data compliance projects of department-level scale and global reach. To be a successful candidate for this role you have to be a self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a fast-paced environment.
What You’ll Do
Identify data, process gaps and areas for optimization and automation.
Work with business stakeholders and Application Engineering to develop elegant, efficient solutions.
Own all system requirements, and participate in the software development process from design to user acceptance testing.
Define key performance indicators to track process operational performance and apply data mining, analysis and visualization for KPI reporting.
Drive problem solving and continuous improvement initiatives to improve packaging workflows and supply chain operations processes
Support management with dashboards, KPIs and ad-hoc analyses.
What You’ll Bring
Master’s degree in science or engineering or equivalent experience or evidence of exceptional ability.
solid experience in packaging function, material planning, supply chain, manufacturing, or business operations.
Working knowledge of material flow, supply chain, purchasing and transportation management systems
Structured, data-driven and quantitative problem solving approach.
Experience with process improvement toolkits (Lean, Six Sigma, Kaizen etc.)
SAP or Oracle ERP knowledge, paired with ability to apply it to custom built systems.
SQL, Programming (R, Python) and Tableau skills

What we offer:
You will be working in our state-of-the-art Gigafactory where you’ll solve the world's most interesting problems with the best and brightest people who share a passion to change the world. Tesla’s compensation package includes a competitive salary and Tesla shares or bonuses. Typical benefits that we provide are 30 vacation days, an occupational pension, employee life and disability insurances, free EV charging, product discounts and various transportation benefits.

Diesen Job melden