PLM Data Modeler
DNV
20457 Hamburg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Local Unit & Position Description:

We are looking for experienced Data Modeler for Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) related projects to further strengthen our PLM development team in Hamburg.


We developed our innovative new production system for our business area Energy Systems. This tool is based on the PLM system Teamcenter from Siemens. Our new web-based production system is used by approx. 4.000 employees worldwide and our customers.


You are looking for new challenges and a possibility to develop your career. You have the needed skills to understand, describe and deliver solutions that will create growth and value for our clients. You focus on results, and high-quality software is your pride. You find it motivating to work in a cross-disciplinary and highly skilled environment in a global company. Then we are happy to welcome you on board as a Data Modeler.


As a Data Modeler you are responsible for providing a flexible, secure, and performant data model and access rights management for our PLM based solutions:

Discussion of creation and enhancing of data models together with developers and architects
Discussion of creation and enhancing of access rights setup together with developers and architects
Pro-active communication with business process leads, database administrators and with Software manufacturers
Proactive regularly analyzing of performance and security setup and if necessary, improvement suggestions
Internal organization and coordination of all activities between different units
Understanding of technical data and its implementation
Analyses of customer processes and requirements and introduction of suitable processes and functionalities within the software products
Discussion of necessary adaptations and customizations
Position Qualifications:
Degree in computer science, business informatics or comparable studies
Suitable degree and profound experience in data modeling, managing of access rights and performing of deployments in the PLM area
Experience with working in projects in the PLM area
Ability to understand functional design specifications and transfer the requirements into data model designs
Work independently and initiative to solve problems
Experiences in Siemens Teamcenter and Active Workspace would be an advantage
Experience in the Energy industry would be beneficial
Several years providing consulting services to external clients would be an advantage
Pro-active and creative solution finder able to identify risks, prioritize challenges, find alternatives, and make decisions
Strong written and oral communication skills
Good English language skill oral and written
Very good communication skills
Team player

What we offer:

Great colleagues who value teamwork and support each other
Open and trusting communication with your management
Flexible working time including working from home
Attractive compensation including a bonus scheme
Employer-funded company pension
30 days annual vacation
Public transport subsidy (HVV-Ticket)
JobRad
International working environment
Company & social events
An excellent place to work in HafenCity in a new office environment
Sickness supplement for up to 12 months
Canteen with excellent reputation and subsidized meals
Company & Business Area Description:
DNV is the independent expert in assurance and risk management, operating in more than 100 countries. Through our broad experience and deep expertise, we advance safety and sustainable performance, set industry benchmarks, and inspire and invent solutions.

The Global Shared Services (GSS) organization within DNV provides high-quality, cost-effective services and processes within Human Resources, Finance, and IT, based on requirements defined by the business areas and Group. GSS also develops central competence for distinct services, projects and development and will support policy, procedures, and system implementation on a global, regional, and local level.

GSS is about bringing a team of true process experts together, going for professional service levels at industry standards, and offering centers of expertise for competence based advisory. We are driven by people’s competence and motivation to help and support the business areas. As a member of the GSS community you act in a professional, multi-cultural, competent, and service oriented environment with good possibilities to enhance your personal competencies and expertise, and to build a strong network with colleagues around the world.
Equal Opportunity Statement:
DNV is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to gender, religion, race, national or ethnic origin, cultural background, social group, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age or political opinion. Diversity is fundamental to our culture and we invite you to be part of this diversity!
Diesen Job melden