PhD Student (f/m/d) Probabilistic Material Science Modeling/Data Analytics/AI
Siemens Energy
45473 Mülheim an der Ruhr
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
PhD Student (f/m/d) Probabilistic Material Science Modeling/Data Analytics/AI
Siemens Energy - 45473 Mülheim an der Ruhr
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
Early Professional

Location: MLH M

Mode of Employment: Part-time / Fixed Term

A Snapshot of Your Day

As a member of our global team for enterprise data & advanced analytics, you work on challenging projects from all areas of the energy industry. By combining strategic and business insights with advanced probabilistic solutions, domain know-how, and novel modeling techniques, you develop methodologies and tools for reliability-based decision-making that improve the sustainability and reliability of products, solutions, and services for our customers.
Passionate about the environment and climate change? Ready to be part of the future of the energy transition? The Siemens Energy Data Analytics & AI team plays a significant role in driving the energy transformation.
Honestly, we don’t have all the answers. Honestly, given the scale of the challenge we need many types of perspectives to help reimagine the future. And honestly, we can’t do it alone.
Our team is looking for innovative, enthusiastic, and versatile data, digital, and AI professionals that will drive us forward on this exciting venture.

How You’ll Make an Impact
Modern research in an industrial context, closely linked to academic institutions such as universities/research institutes
Development and validation of a new method for probabilistic material fatigue assessment of critical components for the energy infrastructure
Work in cross-organizational, multi-disciplinary teams supporting application and implementation of probabilistic modeling, machine learning, optimization
Application of modern mathematical methods in combination with materials science insights
Implementation of the developed methods in an associated computer program
Creation of original contributions in the scientific environment (literature, conferences)
Documentation and presentation of methods, procedures, and project results

What You Bring
Master degree in Physics, Engineering, or related field
Interest in modeling and simulation of materials and physics-based modeling, basic understanding of material science and engineering
Programming skills (e.g., C/C++, Python, R) and a good understanding of numerical simulation and optimization methods
Analytical skills, knowledge in statistical modeling and data analytics (e.g., uncertainty quantification, error analysis, maximum likelihood estimation, random fields)
Self-driven, open-minded, and willing to learn
Ability to effectively collaborate in multidisciplinary, multinational, global teams
Fluent in written and spoken English, communication and presentation skills

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 92,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards/Benefits
Exciting insights into a large international company
Lay the foundation for your career with us
We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.

https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs

#RPO
Diesen Job melden