Software Developer (m/f/d)
Medisana GmbH
41460 Neuss
Schnellbewerbung

medisana GmbH is one of the leading specialists in the home health care market.
As part of the OGAWA Group, one of the world's leading manufacturers of
massage
products, we are represented in more than 40 countries with various brands.

We are developing, promoting and distributing products in the categories of
mobile
health, health control, wellness, body care, therapy and healthy home for health-
conscious consumers worldwide.



We are looking for an employee (m/f/d) who wants to be effective together with us. To
strengthen our IT department in Neuss, we are looking for you to take on exciting challenges
as a



Software Developer (m/f/d)

What you can look forward to:

Committed team with short decision-making processes - we look forward to your input!
Permanent employment contract - long-term cooperation is important to us
Flexible working hours - We manage both: private and professional life
30 days annual leave - plenty of time to recharge your batteries
Home office option - It doesn't always have to be the office
Bike leasing - We support a health-promoting and environmentally conscious alternative to
the car
Beautiful offices and modern technology - atmosphere combined with efficiency
Structured and well-founded training - We take the time for you!
A challenging and responsible job in a forward-looking industry - variety guaranteed
Very good transport connections - by car, bus or train to work (parking spaces available)




Your area of responsibility:

Analysis and definition of requirements for software projects
Native development of Android/iOS mobile applications in C#, Kotlin/ Java, from
requirements analysis to implementation and documentation
Participate in backend development in Microsoft environment
Participation in the development of data transfer from hardware to software.
Design and implementation of software solutions
Testing and troubleshooting of software solutions
Contact person for all parties involved in the project - both external and internal
Supporting the design of the internal software development process
Identification of possible improvements and optimizations of existing software
solutions

Your capabilities:

Successfully completed studies with a focus on computer science, electrical
engineering or a comparable qualification
Minimum 2 years of experience in this field is an advantage
Knowledge in Frameworks: Unity3D, Xamarin, Android (Kotlin), iOS (Swift)
Knowledge of database design and management
Experience with testing and debugging tools
Strong communicator, work solution-oriented and pursue goals with perseverance
Committed team player with affinity for agile methods and a hands-on mentality
Fluent German and English round off your profile Very good communication skills in
German and English.

What awaits you at medisana

Motivated and committed employees are a prerequisite for the success of our company. To this end

we offer you a varied job in a cooperative working environment with room for your ideas. Innovative

ideas are the base for our success as a leading provider of Connected Health products. You can

expect interesting and challenging tasks in fields that influence our future, as well as a motivated and

friendly team. Do you want to be successful with us? Then send us your application including cover

letter and CV and your availability and salary expectation to: Medisana GmbH, Human Resources

medisana GmbH | Personalabteilung | Carl-Schurz-Straße 2 | 41460 Neuss | jobs@medisana.com

Diesen Job melden