Lead AI Scientist
Bayer
51373 Leverkusen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Lead AI Scientist
Bayer - 51373 Leverkusen
Job
Unternehmen

At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ,Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility. We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’. There are so many reasons to join us. If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.




Lead AI Scientist




Hunger affects around 830 million people worldwide - in other words, one in ten of our fellow human beings. This situation is exacerbated by climate change that is threatening the livelihoods of entire regions. We see sustainable agriculture as being part of the solution to these challenges. Following our corporate purpose "Science for a better life", we develop digital solutions that provide farmers the needed information about the condition and health of their farmland. When combining this information with tangible recommendations, farmers can implement the right actions in their fields. Today, some of these digital solutions are being already successfully used. For example, our solution for assessing the health of crops or their infestation in fields based on individual images. We are looking for bright and creative minds who want to be part of our digital journey. If you are interested in digital product development for crop protection; software engineering, artificial intelligence, hardware engineering, robots and drones challenge you; and if you love working on tangible innovations, then apply now!




YOUR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES




You work in a team of world-class AI and software engineers to create scalable solutions for sustainable agriculture
You are responsible for researching, prototyping, and implementing state-of-the-art supervised, semi-, self-, weakly- and unsupervised algorithms for weed, disease and pest detection
You support the collection of training data through technical guidance and requirements
You help annotate training data by developing algorithms to automate process steps and improve annotation quality
You improve customer-facing applications by unifying current challenges in image recognition with latest research
You improve and implement automated pipelines for model training, testing, and deployment
You develop prototype algorithms, transition them to production, and monitor their performance in farmer fields
You work in a cross-functional scrum team with end-to-end product responsibility



WHO YOU ARE




Successfully completed bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, data science, statistics, operations research, applied mathematics, engineering, agriculture, or related fields
Demonstrated experience in algorithm development and problem solving in computer vision and image processing
Solid experience in Python (incl. common libraries like scikit-learn, pandas, numpy), alternatively with Julia or R (or comparable)
Ability to read and understand research papers and implement their findings
Practical and demonstrated expertise in at least two of the following areas (Computer / Machine Vision, Object Detection, Un-/ Semi-/ Supervised Machine Learning and Deep Learning, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), Reinforcement Learning, Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs), Out-of-Distribution (OOD) Detection, Active Learning, (Vision) Transformers
Experience with deep learning libraries such as TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, etc.
Hands-on experience in data engineering and cloud computing (AWS, GCP, MS Azure)
Ability to write clean, modular, and durable code managed with Git
Attention to detail and the ability to work independently
Passion for solving difficult problems in a multidisciplinary team environment
Fluent in English, both spoken and written



#LI-DE




YOUR APPLICATION

This is your opportunity to tackle the world’s biggest challenges with us: Maintaining our health, feeding growing populations and slowing the rate of climate change. You have a voice, ideas and perspectives and we want to hear them. Because our success begins with you. Be part of something big. Be Bayer.

Bayer welcomes applications from all individuals, regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, union membership, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.


Location: Leverkusen

Division: Crop Science

Reference Code: 539145

Diesen Job melden