Data Analyst
DEVnet Holding
82031 Grünwald
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Data Analyst

with programming skills

(all genders)

Wrocław

Shaping the Digital Future

DEVnet consultants blend technological knowhow with analytical insights and industry expertise to develop sustainable solutions in a data-driven world. Founded in 1998, the company is headquartered in Grünwald near Munich with three further locations in Germany and Poland.

Its 150 experts collaborate with clients ranging from global banks and insurances to providers of energy and mobility as well as startups in the digital economy. They focus on organising data, developing platforms and algorithms, generating insights and facilitating digital transformation to build digital fitness.

#1
What the job offers you
You will combine business knowledge and programming skills in the process of building complex software solutions
You will analyze data using different software (e.g., SQL), tools and techniques
You will transform business stakeholder questions/issues/needs into clear and unambiguous technical specifications
You will support the development team in implementation of business logic (Python)
You will propose, design and implement new data collections, pipelines, business rules that will ensure data consistency and quality
You will contribute both to specialist’s analyses and technical specifications
You will provide analysis of development processes, improvement of procedures and documentation
You will have a chance for further development of technical and programming skills
You will have the opportunity to learn about business challenges of our clients
#2
A few key data you should agree with
Degree in computer science/mathematics (applied mathematics/actuarial and financial mathematics), information technology in business, economic analytics, or a relevant scientific discipline
Knowledge of algorithms, data structures, financial engineering topics, asset classes, investment processes and market data
Understanding of data models, data warehouses and query engines
Experience in the integration of data from multiple data sources
Strong programming skills in scripting languages (Python) and knowledge about data processing using SQL
Knowledge of coding standards and using them
Strong experience with managing business requirements
Good command of English is essential, German an advantage
#3
Benefits
Learning & leadership

Your professional growth and development is very important to us. Our Leadership Programm ensures regular feedback on your performance and individual development. Books, conferences, trainings, workshops, you name it.

Health & wellness

We care for you and your health. You are free to choose the benefits that suits you best and you can change your mind at any time. Within a dedicated budget you can choose the ergonomic equipment for your working place.

People & culture

We are more than just work colleagues. We like to meet, talk and have fun together. We are grateful for what we have and love to share it with others. We work hard but always find time to relax or do some gym in our chill out room.

Financial

Fairness is important. Our level system and equal pay policy ensures that. Colleagues on the same knowledge and experience level receive the same salary. Each year we check the market to make sure that our salaries are competitive. We appreciate your hard work throughout the year and strive to pay everyone Profit Share in case of positive financial result.
Diesen Job melden