PhD Position (m/f/d) (EG 13 TV-L, 75%, temporary)
Universität Trier
54296 Trier
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Department of Developmental Cognitive Neuroscience (Prof. Dr. Yana Fandakova) at the Institute

of Psychology at the University of Trier is seeking applications for a

PhD Position (m/f/d)
(E 13 TV-L, 75 %, fixed-term contract for 3 years according to the WissZeitVG)

The position is available from August 1, 2023; the starting date is flexible. The position I available for a

limited period of 3 years.

The position

The successful candidate will conduct research to examine the neural basis of cognitive development

in children, adolescents and older adults, in particular with respect to the development of memory and

cognitive control processes, and their interactions. The successful candidate will plan and perform

experimental studies, conduct behavioral and brain imaging analyses, write and revise manuscripts,

and present results at national and international conferences. In addition, the candidate will be

expected to teach courses in the field of developmental cognitive neuroscience (in German or English).

Your profile

The hiring requirements are based Section 57, Paragraphs 2 and 3 of the German Higher Education Act.

Prerequisites include a university degree in psychology, cognitive science or neuroscience (master's,

diploma or comparable), excellent methodological and analytical skills, especially in the field of cognitive

neuroscience, and good English skills. We expect enthusiasm for questions related to cognitive and

neuronal development over the lifespan along with a strong ability to work in a team. Experience with

(f)MRI data analysis, developmental research and good programming skills are an advantage.

What we offer

We are a young international lab that works on fundamental topics in developmental cognitive

neuroscience and offer an intellectually stimulating atmosphere. We frequently collaborate with each

other and with other external scientists. The candidate can expect intensive support and guidance, a

flexible working time model, as well as excellent opportunities for networking nationally and

internationally. Participation in national and international conferences and stays abroad are encouraged

and supported.

Applications from people with disabilities (Section 2, Paragraph 3 of Book IX of the German Social Code)

are especially encouraged (please enclose relevant documents). For more information on the processing

of your personal data, please refer to the data protection information for application procedures in

accordance with Article 13 GDPR on our homepage (www.uni-trier.de).

Applications (consisting of a single PDF) including a cover letter, a CV, copies of relevant certificates,

list of publications, if applicable, internship/employment references, and the names of 2–3 colleagues

who would be willing to provide a reference letter upon request by June 20, 2023 to Prof. Dr. Yana

Fandakova, fandakova@uni-trier.de.

If you have any questions, please contact Prof. Dr. Yana Fandakova, fandakova@uni-trier.de

Please send applications with the usual documents until June 20, 2023 to

Universität Trier, Fachbereich I - Psychologie
z. H. Prof. Dr. Yana Fandakova

fandakova@uni-trier.de

54286 Trier

Diesen Job melden