Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Junior Data Engineer (f/m/d)
Honic
Home Office
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
What can you expect?

Design, develop, and implement data pipelines and data processing systems
Work closely with senior data engineers, data scientists, and product managers, to build a secure data platform for medical data
Help with integrating new data providers into the platform
Work with modern state-of-the-art development tools (Python, R programming, SQL/NoSQL, GitLab, JIRA, Confluence)
Be part of a team with great spirit and motivation, and achieve amazing things together!

What should be your passion?

Make health data accessible for medical research, in an EU-sovereign, GDPR-compliant way
Eagerness to learn state-of-the-art technologies and agile software development methods
Up for exciting challenges and opportunities for your professional development
Be self-driven and not afraid to try things out

What are we looking for?

Our expectations are always reflecting the ideal candidate, which we have in mind. If you do not match all our criteria, do not worry, just let us know, why you would excel in this job.

University degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related fields or similar work experience
First experience with data management, data modeling, and data cleansing
Experience working with Python (pandas / polars / seaborn) and R programming
Knowledge of eHealth standards such as HL7, FHIR, openEHR, DICOM is an advantage
Strong awareness of data protection and data security
Fluent in German or English

Why us?

We are about to revolutionize healthcare in Germany. Become part of our exciting journey at the very beginning. Let's be honest, we do have a very good plan, but there is plenty of greenfields around, meaning tons of learning opportunities and possibilities to try things out are waiting for you.
Which tools should be used? Let's decide together.
Where do you want to work? Berlin or Remote? Your choice.
How should we be doing this? Let's try things out and choose the best way forward.
So, are you looking for an agile, open-minded, and purpose-driven working environment, where you can learn from great talents and start your professional career?
Let's talk!

About us

At Honic we strive to improve healthcare for all of us. By building a secure platform for medical data, we create unique opportunities for research and development. Primary data from different medical areas are processed and pseudonymized in a multi-step process and provided anonymously for evidence-based research and development. Transparency, trust and open communication are not just important for our product and customers, but core values at Honic. Join our journey to shape the healthcare of tomorrow!

We are Honic.
Made in Germany. GDPR-compliant. Security by Design.

Honic is an equal opportunities employer. We are deeply committed to building an integrative culture where everyone feels welcomed and supported. We truly believe and understand that a diverse, value-driven and respectful culture makes us stronger.

We are proud to have an inclusive workplace environment, where everyone is treated the same, no matter your gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, education level, or ethnicity.

Diesen Job melden