Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Data Scientist
Apiax AG
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Do you want to become a part of an experienced and highly motivated team? Do you want to have a meaningful impact in the financial services industry? If so, then we have a great opportunity for you.

We're looking for a Data Scientist to join our Embedded Compliance company.

You're a strong team player, proactive with an entrepreneurial mindset. You solve problems with a positive, "can-do" attitude and you're used to analyzing multiple scenarios and selecting the most suitable path. If you're also a fast learner and passionate about technology, you're the perfect candidate for our Embedded Compliance company.

Tasks

What you will be tasked to do:

Apply state-of-the-art AI and Deep Learning technologies to new product features
Define and adapt our Natural Language Processing (NLP) architecture
Build robust, industrial-scale data processing pipelines
Contribute to multiple stages of development, from the implementation of the latest research technologies to product development
Validate and test models in downstream tasks
Requirements

Requirements:

Background in engineering, data science, or linguistics
Experience with data pipelines, model validation and downstream testing
Experience in Natural Language Processing and working with language data
Understanding and experience in Python and computational/NLP libraries like Numpy, Tensorflow, PyTorch, NLTK, Spacy and Jupyter
Basic understanding of deep learning, knowledge representation and reasoning
Experience in industrial data processing and machine learning architecture is a strong plus (Spark, Airflow, UIMA)
Experience with graph databases, knowledge graphs, ontologies or logic programming is a strong plus (Neo4j, Stardog, TypeDB, OWL, Prolog)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with a good command of written and spoken English. German would also be an advantage
Work permit for EU.
Benefits

What we offer you:

20-months contract
Develop state-of-the-art machine learning and AI solutions for products
Plenty of room to advance and learn and apply new technologies
Flexible work arrangements
Family-friendly and inclusive work environment
Passionate people around an exciting global product
A team with an entrepreneurial mindset, hunger for speed, and immediate results.
Become an Apiaxonad(at) and be a part of something big.

We're looking forward to meeting you.
Diesen Job melden