Research Scientist (f/m/d)
DeepL SE
50825 Köln
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

is Germany's best-known AI company. We develop neural networks to help people work with language. With DeepL Translator, we have created the world's best machine translation system and made it available free of charge to everyone online. Over the next few years, we aim to make DeepL the world's leading language technology company.

Our goal is to overcome language barriers and bring cultures closer together.


What distinguishes us from other companies?

DeepL (formerly Linguee) was founded by developers and researchers. We focus on the development of new, exciting products, which is why we spend a lot of time actively researching the latest topics. We understand the challenges of developing new products and try to meet them with an agile and dynamic way of working. Our work culture is very open because we want our employees to feel comfortable. In our daily work we use modern technologies - not only to translate texts, but also to create the world's best dictionaries, and solve other language problems.

When we tell people about DeepL as an employer, reactions are overwhelmingly positive. Maybe it's because they have enjoyed our services, or maybe they just want to get on board with our quest to break down language barriers and facilitate communication.


Who are we looking for?

A long scientific background in neural networks is not required, but a strong interest and practical experience should be present. Unlike other AI research facilities, we actively improve the structure and mathematical optimization of our neural networks. Therefore, we focus on a deep understanding of what happens inside neural networks and their mathematical optimization. You should have broad programming experience that goes beyond scientific computing. Additionally, you should be familiar with at least one deep learning framework.


In short, we are looking for exceptionally good researchers who want to learn a lot and enjoy teaching computers awesome things.







Your tasks

You will conduct cutting-edge research on neural translation networks with our team, develop improvements and try them out
You develop new revolutionary AI technologies for other upcoming projects in the field of NLP



What we offer

Challenging research and programming on cutting-edge problems
The opportunity to contribute to the essence of a product that is used by over 1 billion people worldwide
A small, effective, and extremely skilled team with a lot of trust and very short decision paths. The decision-makers at our company are researchers/developers themselves
Lots of development potential in some of the most influential and rapidly evolving modern technologies: Neural Networks, Deep Learning, AI, Big Data, Natural Language Processing and more
Meaningful work at scale: We break down language barriers worldwide and bring different cultures closer together
A lovely office in Cologne with flexible working hours and the possibility to work from home on a regular basis



About you

You have a very strong mathematical understanding and enjoy solving challenging problems
Master's degree, diploma or doctorate in mathematics, physics, or computer science
Programming experience in Python and at least one other programming language, preferably C++
Experience with a modern machine learning framework such as PyTorch, TensorFlow or JAX
High level of intrinsic motivation and strong interest in Deep Learning
Hands-on experience in Deep Learning through self-directed projects that go well beyond course-related exercises
Curiosity, high willingness to learn and the urge to experiment with the latest technologies to create something new
High proficiency in English, knowledge of German and other languages is advantageous

We are looking forward to your application!

Please note that we are only recruiting for this role in Germany (remotely or in one of our offices).

Diesen Job melden