PhD and Postdoc Positions in Cell Biology, Neurobiology and Informatics (f/m/d)
Leibniz-Forschungsinstitut für Molekulare Pharmakologie
Berlin
Schnellbewerbung

PhD and Postdoc Positions in cell biology, Neurobiology

and informatics (f/m/d)

(Ref. 26/2022)




We have several open positions for PhD students and postdoctoral researchers. Our group focuses on using multi-disciplinary approaches that combines proteomics, cross-linking mass spectrometry, molecular biology, structural biology, high-resolution imaging and bioinformatics to study the organizational aspects of protein assemblies and their functions in the cell. For the announced positions, we are seeking for biochemists or biologists who will study the proteome, the interactome as well as the structure and function of cellular organelles or synapses. We also look for an informatician to develop new informatics tools for cross-linking mass spectrometry and interactomic data analysis. We provide an international, innovative and interdisciplinary work environment, with access to state-of-the-art mass spectrometry platform as well as many other infrastructures within the institute and on campus Berlin-Buch. For further information about the lab please visit the website https://www.theliulab.com/. The PhD positions are limited for 3 years and the postdoc positions for 2 years with the possibility of extension.

The Leibniz-Forschungsinstitut für Molekulare Pharmakologie (FMP) belongs to the „Forschungsverbund Berlin e. V. (FVB)“. The FVB is an institution of seven natural sciences research institutes in Berlin funded by the Federal Republic of Germany and the association of its federal states. The research institutes belong to the Leibniz Association.

The Leibniz-Forschungsinstitut für Molekulare Pharmakologie (FMP) is a non-university academic research institute that conducts basic research in molecular pharmacology and provides a vibrant collaborative environment with state-of-the-art facilities for research and employees from all over the world.

Qualification:

We seek highly motivated, ambitious, and talented scientists to join an enthusiastic and collaborative team in an outstanding scientific environment to perform research. Candidates with a strong interest in cell biology, neurobiology, biochemistry and/or mass spectrometry techniques are especially encouraged to apply. A good command of the English language and a high personal motivation to excel in science are required.

For postdocs, the candidate should have a PhD degree in biochemistry, biology, informatics or relevant fields. He/she should also have strong expertise in any of the following fields, including cell biology, neurobiology, mass spectrometry and informatics.

We offer:

An attractive environment in a pleasant, friendly working atmosphere with an excellent infrastructure
Employment with all benefits of the public service
Continuing education and training
Family service

Salaries will be based on TVöD. In 2013 the institute was awarded the certificate of the audit Beruf und Familie as a family-friendly employer. We offer equal opportunities regardless of gender and welcome applications of disabled candidates. They will be preferred in case of equal qualification. We welcome applications from all backgrounds

For more information please contact:

Prof. Dr. Fan Liu; e-mail: fliu@fmp-berlin.de Homepage FMP: http://www.fmp-berlin.de.

How to Apply:

On the FMP homepage please go to “Stellenangebote/Jobs” and click first on this advertisement and then “Online bewerben”. Please send your application documents including motivation letter, CV as well as the contacts of two references before November 30th 2022.

We are looking forward to your application!

Diesen Job melden