Data Product Manager (all genders)
Babbel
10407 Berlin
Schnellbewerbung
Babbel is the world’s first and most sold online language learning platform, driven by the purpose to create mutual understanding through language. This means building an ecosystem of language learning offerings that helps people connect across cultures. Babbel, Babbel Live and Babbel for Business provide users with the most effective solution to be able to communicate with real people, in real situations. Babbel’s team consists of 750 Babbelonians representing over 65 different nationalities working in Berlin and New York.

For more information, visit www.babbel.com or download the apps in the App Store or Play Store.

We are looking for a Data Product Manager in our Business Intelligence and Analytics team for our office in Berlin! The Business Intelligence and Analytics team works with different types of data to enable the business stakeholders to strive for operational excellence and to implement their strategy.

As Data Product Manager, you will work closely with our data analyst and data scientist teams to build sophisticated data products that enable successful company steering. In an agile development process, you will understand the needs of our business stakeholders to come up with solutions, drive delivery and prioritize development. Ultimately, you’re the one responsible for managing our workflow for successful delivery. As the key interface between the Business and the Analytics teams, your decisions will impact our company steering and performance.

You will:

Own, prioritize and refine the product backlog with agile product iterations of the Business Intelligence and Analytics (BIA) team, and manage stakeholders expectations
Translate requirements for data analysts, engineers, marketers and other PMs to streamline requests into a prioritized team backlog and prepare stakeholder updates
Facilitate scrum events, meetings, and decision-making processes
Contribute to the roadmap of the BIA team, set timelines and identify dependencies, keep track of departmental projects
Make sure that product and business teams commit to data collection, follow data standards, and use data products
Work together with other data delivery teams, data analysts and data scientists to ensure fulfillment of objectives
Proactively communicate plans and achievements, and ensure alignment with senior data leadership
You have:

3-4 years of experience as a Product Manager, SCRUM Master or Project Manager (ideally with certification) in the field of Data (Business Intelligence, Data Analytics, Data Science)
Demonstrated capability and hands-on experience in developing data products
Strong interest in data engineering and data science
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills
An eye for detail, being aware of the bigger picture at the same time
Some perks of becoming a Babbelonian:

Enjoy 30 vacation days and the chance to take a 3-month Sabbatical. Plus family and life situation counseling.
Decide how, when and from where you want to work with our flexible working hours and remote friendly options as Jobbatical (up to 3 months inside the EU) or work from our fully equipped office with nap, faith and family rooms.
Learn and grow with the internal learning opportunities, and use a yearly learning & development budget for external training. Learn languages with Babbel for free with your full access to Babbel & Babbel Live classes.
Take advantage of your mobility benefits options and a discounted Urban Sports Club membership.
Be part of our employee communities (such as Femgineers, DE&I Ambassadors and LGBTQIA groups), attend cultural and regular social events.
Diversity at Babbel

As part of our ongoing journey towards building a diverse, equitable and inclusive company, we welcome everyone to apply, especially those individuals who are underrepresented in tech. We are a learning company, inside and out, and we encourage you to apply even if you do not fit all the technical requirements - all candidates are assessed based on skills, qualifications and on our business needs. Please state your pronouns in your application, and let us know if you’d like to be addressed by a name other than the one appearing on your official documents. If you have a disability or special need, feel welcome to inform us, so that we can provide you with the proper assistance in the application process.

Sounds good? We are already looking forward to hearing from you! Check out also our jobs page , our blog and our techblog to get an impression about #lifeatbabbel !
Diesen Job melden