Lead Data Scientist (f/m/x)
ZEISS Group
München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
You will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Data Science and actively contribute to the success of the digital transformation at ZEISS. As part of our rapidly growing Enterprise Data & Analytics organization within the Data Science team, you develop targeted data-driven solutions. As an expert and leader, you will provide advice, support, and develop state-of-the-art analyses and models. You will apply your skills to a variety of problems, like time series analytics (IoT Data), tabular data (e.g. sales forecasting), recommender systems to name a few. You will actively contribute to the exchange of knowledge within the team and the ZEISS machine learning community. You will contribute to grow projects from early development into fully functional and operational solutions.
Your role
Technical Leadership and responsibility for machine learning development
Development and (re)-training/optimization of algorithms and AI software components as well as their integration into digital products.
Testing of algorithms and AI software components (unit test, end-to-end test, performance test, non-regression test); operation and (automated) documentation of the developed components.
Presentation and illustration of results in user-friendly language; calculation and presentation of the success and profitability of the new components (monitoring of use in the field by customers).
Guidance of software developers and system integrators to set up the data acquisition, training, and processing processes (interaction of the components) in the final product.
Support in the ideation process (design thinking) for the development of the digital roadmap, especially regarding artificial intelligence.
Research on new methods in the field of artificial intelligence, exchange with internal and external experts in this field; appearance and contribution to scientific forums and conferences.
Examination of patents in the field of AI and collaboration in the generation of new patents for ZEISS.
Active knowledge transfer through supervision, technical talks and technical guidance
Your profile
An excellent university degree (PhD is a plus) in natural science, mathematics, computer science, engineering or similar
At least 3+ years of professional experience in a data modeling, algorithm development or data science role
At least +2 years of team leadership or program management responsibilities in a similar capacity
A deep understanding of data analytics and machine learning and their underlying algorithms
Experiences with best practices in model development and deployment (Azure Machine Learning Service/ MLflow)
A background in software development (python) and familiarity with agile software development (git, Azure DevOps)
Experience with the development of data solutions in a cloud environment (Microsoft Azure)
The ability to understand customer needs and solve real-world problems
Strong communication, presentation, and project management skills
Fluent English and advanced German language skills
Data preparation and visualization (also of large amounts of data)
Communication and presentation of results, transfer of scientific findings into generally understandable language
Cloud computing (interaction, integration, and optimal use of components)
Programming skills in Python as well as in code management and containerization of artifacts
in agile methods, especially in the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe)
Your ZEISS Recruiting Team:
Annett Burger
Diesen Job melden