Manager, Data Analytics (all genders)
Delivery Hero
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Be our next Hero! - Join the world’s leading local delivery platform.

We are looking for a Manager, Data Analytics (all genders) to join the Data Analytics Q-Commerce team on our journey to always delivering amazing experiences.

Your mission:

You will manage a small cross-functional team, with a focus on data analytics (including data analysts, product analysts, data scientists) who work on insight generation, large analysis, dashboards and visualization products to monitor the business’s performance and provide recommendations to improve it

The team’s focus revolves around grocery assortment and content analytics. The team analyses and gives recommendations on the overall assortment (which brands and products to add, which to remove, which work in combination, cross-selling, etc) as well as advanced analytics on the content side (image analyses and optimization, product titles, descriptions, hundreds of tags and attributes)

Engage with local and global teams to understand the business vision, requirements & priorities and help to translate this into actionable insights

Closely collaborate with other data teams focused on data science and data engineering

Refine, challenge and support requests from stakeholders and create new data analyses based on commonly defined specifications

Analyze trends in our data and providing insight and explanation to our local teams to improve their operations using data

Help identify, define and specify future insight and data needs to support the different business units

Improve existing procedures; identify the needs for new procedures; train and advocate the team on quality improvements

You will engage with senior leadership and key data stakeholders to communicate your contributions in written and verbal form

Your heroic skills:

You gained at least 1-2+ years experience leading a data analytics team

You gained 4-7 years experience as a BI/Data analyst or data scientist working for internet or retail companies

You are highly proficient in SQL (ideally BigQuery or Redshift)

You have good skills in Python

You have knowledge of different types of data visualization (ideally Looker or Tableau)

You understand the basics of data modeling & data engineering

You gained experience working with huge amount of structured, unstructured & unclean data

You are passionate about data and their insights as well eager to deep-dive into problems

You like to improve existing procedures to drive data quality and advocate others

Good English communication skills

Excited to learn and try out new things

Nice to have:

Knowledge in machine learning or deep learning

Basic knowledge of python

Experience with VCS (GitHub) and Airflow

Degree in mathematics, physics or any other STEM field

About us: As the world’s leading local delivery platform, our mission is to deliver an amazing experience, fast, easy, and to your door. From prepared meals to groceries, flowers, coffee, medicine. We deliver whatever you need. We operate in over 70+ countries across Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa and are also pioneering quick commerce, the next generation of e-commerce. As one of Europe’s largest tech platforms, we work with a global ecosystem of employees, riders, and partners, and are at the forefront of innovation.

As one of our Heroes, you’ll work in an international and dynamic environment, with other Heroes from every corner of the globe where you can grow and develop your career with the right support, every step of the way. We are building a company that future generations can be proud of and are committed to welcoming everyone to our table. Delivery Hero has a lot to offer when it comes to benefits: we want to empower our Heroes and that means caring about all aspects of their wellbeing, such as: career, community, social, physical and financial. Learn more about our benefits at Delivery Hero here.

At Delivery Hero, we believe diversity and inclusion are key to creating not only an exciting product, but also an amazing customer and employee experience. Fostering this starts with hiring - therefore we do not discriminate on the basis of racial identities, religious beliefs, color, national origin, gender identities or expressions, sexual orientations, age, marital or disability statuses, or any other aspect that makes you, you. Just be yourself and we can’t wait to see what value you bring to the role. We're as interested in your character as we are in your talent.

Have we sparked your interest? If you are looking for an environment where our company DNA is defined by our values and People Leader Principles, please apply and send us your CV using the online form. Please note, we do not accept applications via email.

Diesen Job melden