Intern Data Analyst (f/m/d)
Renesas Electronics Corporation
Germering
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
The Role



Working closely together with Project Management, IT and Business stakeholders to identify best data-informed decision-making processes for analysing, presenting and visualising key project data
Define, create and document new Power BI dashboards that can add new value to our Analytics Suite
Workflow improvement and optimization for existing Project Management reporting
Designing, building and maintaining robust analytical dashboards and KPI scorecards analysing data extracted from multiple sources (such as MS Project, SAP, Oracle, MS-Excel)



What we are looking for/ Your profile




University education in Business Informatics, Data Science, Business Analytics, Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, or similar (second half of diploma or Bachelor, or Master)
Experience with Power BI / Tableau Desktop
Analytical thinking, structured work style and the ability to learn and adapt fast
Self-motivated and open, enjoys working on independent projects
Good knowledge in Microsoft Office applications, especially in Excel
Fluent in English both in writing and speaking



Environment




You will closely work with the Project Manager to improve the capabilities of project reporting, schedule and budget tracking
You will participate in data analytics projects looking at the impact of various factors and to analyze key data across different projects
You have the possibility to work flexibly from your home office or from our local office in Germering
Reporting to Senior Manager PMO



Duration: 6-9 months.
Working hours: full-time (40hrs) or part time (20hrs)

Location: Germering (Munich area)




Renesas Electronics Corporation (TSE: 6723) empowers a safer, smarter and more sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. A leading global provider of microcontrollers, Renesas combines our expertise in embedded processing, analog, power and connectivity to deliver complete semiconductor solutions. These Winning Combinations accelerate time to market for automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT applications, enabling billions of connected, intelligent devices that enhance the way people work and live. Learn more at renesas.com. Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram.




Renesas’ mission, To Make Our Lives Easier, is underpinned by our company culture, TAGIE. TAGIE stands for Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative and Entrepreneurial. Our goal is to embed this unique culture in everything we do to succeed as a company and create trust with our diverse colleagues, customers and stakeholders.




We are committed to creating a diverse culture where everyone is included and feels a sense of belonging. For more information, please read our Diversity & Inclusion Statement.

Diesen Job melden