PHY Systems Engineer Simulations (m/f/d)
Apple
München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
PHY Systems Engineer Simulations (m/f/d)
Apple - München
Job
Unternehmen
Summary
Posted: Dec 15, 2022
Role Number: 200440989
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish! Join us to help deliver the next groundbreaking Apple product. Do you love working on challenges that no one has solved yet? As a member of our dynamic group, you will have the unique and rewarding opportunity to craft upcoming products that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every single day. Wireless technologies have become a crucial part of all Apple devices that delight our customers. With the latest developments in cellular, we apply a sophisticated simulation platform to study performance of our devices in complicated radio and network conditions and gain insights for system design. We are looking for an expert PHY Systems Engineer who has a deep understanding of wireless technology. In this role you will be at the center of a silicon design group responsible for physical layer system and algorithm design for pioneering wireless SoC products, with a focus in wireless system design, modelling, and simulations.
Key Qualifications
Deep knowledge of communication system theory and PHY signal processing
Validated track-record in SW and simulator design in C++, including experience with simulator frameworks and configuration management.
In-depth knowledge of wireless communication systems with hands-on experience in 4G/5G PHY design, pre-silicon verification and critical metric testing
Experience with Matlab, C++ and/or Python programming including significant knowledge of algorithms and data structures, memory and runtime profiling as well as code optimization techniques.
Solid knowledge of current cellular communication standards: 5G (NR) and 4G (LTE).
Experience in chip bring-up including the use of lab equipment is a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills (linear algebra, random processes, estimation and detection, debugging and fixing of defects, …).
Description
You will take part in the pioneering work of creating and developing innovative PHY algorithms and simulation models which enable cellular modem system design and verification for very high-data rate applications. Your responsibilities will include but are not limited to: - Design and implement 4G/5G PHY models for pre-silicon simulation and verification. - Perform functional and performance verification of the PHY models using internal and 3rd Party test tools as well as test data provided by external network vendors. - Contribute to link-level simulator modelling, meaningful metric testing and framework design. - Design PHY test cases for new features and drive bring-up and issue resolution. - Integrate PHY reference models in PHY only, reduced signaling and full stack pre-silicon simulation and verification environments in close cooperation with our HW and FW design teams - Perform research activities and requirements management to anticipate the impact on algorithms, configuration and scheduling according to the latest 3GPP standards - Actively contribute to software architecture and design for existing and future PHY projects - Collaborate across functional teams to define and document project requirements, concepts, model architecture, interfaces and APIs. - Contribute to simulator configuration management and perform SW releases
Education & Experience
MS in Computer Science or Electrical/Information Engineering with seasoned years of working experience or PhD in relevant field with relevant years of working experience. Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
Additional Requirements
Diesen Job melden