Product Manager - OpenData Global Data Tools
Veeva Systems
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.
At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We’re not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.
As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.
Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.
The Role
Veeva OpenData supports the industry by providing real-time reference data across the complete healthcare ecosystem to support commercial sales execution, compliance, and business analytics. We drive value to our customers through constant innovation, using cloud-based solutions and state-of-the-art technologies to deliver product excellence and customer success. The OpenData Global Data Tools team delivers the tools and data processing pipelines to build the global data core for life sciences in 100+ countries.
As a Product Manager of the Global Data Tools team, you will play a pivotal role in aligning roadmaps across regions, working closely with various stakeholders. Your primary responsibility will be to define key features and prioritize the product backlog for our engineering team, ensuring that development efforts are aligned with the overall product roadmap and business objectives. The ideal candidate will possess excellent communication and leadership skills, with a deep understanding of technical and business aspects. You should be adept at managing multiple stakeholders and driving consensus to deliver high-quality products that meet customer needs.
What You’ll Do

Product discovery, uncovering stakeholder needs, evaluating alternatives, and testing ideas
Create product concepts and define the end-to-end user experience, ensuring that it aligns with customer needs and business goals
Prioritize team’s backlog to maximize impact on business objectives, including continuous requirements gathering and dependency management
Develop and execute a product roadmap for the data platform in collaboration with cross-functional teams
Report progress of projects, new features, and the team’s roadmap across regions
Communicate regularly with stakeholders on the status of the product and upcoming releases
Foster OpenData Global Data Tools adoption across all regions

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field
3+ years of experience as a product owner or technical product manager
Understand a variety of agile and product management approaches and tools (Scrum, Kanban, OKRs)
Ability to work with engineering, Business Analytics, and Data Science teams to define requirements and prioritize features
Visible moderation and facilitation skills
A natural tendency to structure, organize, and document
Excellent English verbal and written communication skills

Nice to Have

Understanding of data technologies and concepts, such as data governance, data warehousing, ETL, and machine learning
Experience in delivering API-centric products to both internal and external customers
Understanding of products that various cloud providers are offering
Able to write moderately complex SQL reports
Previous experience in the Life Sciences sector

Perks & Benefits

Benefits package including Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), family health insurance, and contributions to private pension plans
Annual allocations for continuous learning, development & charitable contributions
Fitness reimbursement
Work from anywhere

#RemoteGermany

Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.

Diesen Job melden