SAP S/4HANA Specialist & Data steward (f/m/d)
Siemens Energy
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
SAP S/4HANA Specialist & Data steward (f/m/d)
Siemens Energy - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Mid-level Professional

A Snapshot of Your Day

The SAP Specialist & Data steward will be responsible for template, rollout- and post go-live phases of S4E-Unify Program- and internal SAP related activitiefor Siemens Energy Transformers and Switchgears business.

How You’ll Make an Impact
Report to Program Manager
Support in transition towards process simplification, standardization, and data-centric design in accordance with S4E-Unify and internal targets at Transformers and Switchgears
Perform configuration changes, migration activities in SAP and interfaces as per approved solutions within SAP@Transformers and SAP@Switchgears as well as perform testing to ensure functional requirements are met
Data analysis in existing systems and tools to provide essential information for future improvements as well as data quality management by identifying problems with data sets and proposing solutions to management for approval
Collaborate with internal and external IT and business players and build a strong network to ensure the technical solutions are implemented in line with requirements and decisions made
Support business users by sharing SAP knowledge and know-how
Documents planned and conducted steps in the way comprehensive for business users

What You Bring
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, information technology, industrial engineering, or a related field
Process and configuration knowledge of one or multiple SAP modules, preferably with focus on project business and/ or Engineer-to-order business scenarios
Working experience with SAP implementation projects as team member in multi-cultural cross-functional teams as well as proven ability to implement solutions in SAP or interface tool and skills in data management, related analysis, and problem-solving
Good communication skills, ability to collaborate with various IT- and business players
Ability to work independently within own responsibility area and conduct multiple project activities simultaneously
Self-motivated in learning new concepts and willing to share knowledge and skills with other team members

About the Team

Our Grid Technology division enables a reliable, sustainable, and digital grid. The power grid is the backbone of the energy transition. Siemens Energy offers a leading portfolio and solutions in HVDC transmission, grid stabilization and storage, high voltage switchgears and transformers, and digital grid technology.

Check out this video to learn more about our Grid Technologies business: https://www.siemens-energy.com/global/en/offerings/power-transmission.html

Who is Siemens Energy?

At Siemens Energy, we are more than just an energy technology company. We meet the growing energy demand across 90+ countries while ensuring our climate is protected. With more than 92,000 dedicated employees, we not only generate electricity for over 16% of the global community, but we’re also using our technology to help protect people and the environment.

Our global team is committed to making sustainable, reliable, and affordable energy a reality by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We uphold a 150-year legacy of innovation that encourages our search for people who will support our focus on decarbonization, new technologies, and energy transformation.

Our Commitment to Diversity

Lucky for us, we are not all the same. Through diversity we generate power. We run on inclusion and our combined creative energy is fueled by over 130 nationalities. Siemens Energy celebrates character – no matter what ethnic background, gender, age, religion, identity, or disability. We energize society, all of society, and we do not discriminate based on our differences.

Rewards/Benefits
Supporting and caring work environment
Opportunity to actively shape our Integrated Siemens Energy Company
Collaboration in a cross-functional and cross-organizational team
Flexibility and autonomy in organizing your work.
Clear responsibility and ownership mandate
Possibility of remoted and office work environment

We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities.
#LI-SK1
https://jobs.siemens-energy.com/jobs
Diesen Job melden