Data Analysis / Data Engineering / Data Science (m/f/d)
Qimia
Köln
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
February 01, 2023
Qimia is an internationally positioned company with a start-up mentality for digital transformation. We comprehensively support companies in their digitalization through innovative and excellent software & solutions, Big Data (& AI), Cloud Computing, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence. Our mission is to develop technologies of the future. With these, we are changing the way people use, interact with, explore and gain insights from data. Are you an advocate of cutting-edge technologies, do you enjoy working in an agile and innovative environment, and keep up with the ever-evolving technical landscape? Do you enjoy learning new things and have a doer and engineering mindset? Then Data Analysis / Data Engineering / Data Science is the right place for you. We are looking for a full time Data Analyst / Data Engineer / Data Scientist starting immediately or at a later date. Locations where we are looking for new colleagues: Hannover or Cologne
Full-Time
Cologne (HQ),Germany
Your tasks :
Building innovative platforms and technologies especially in the area of Data Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.
Developing recommendation engines, web and text data mining using Natural Language Understanding models, applying network and graph analysis algorithms and tools, deep neural network learning.
End-to-end design and implementation of data analytics systems; this includes data collection, requirements engineering and specification as well as the design of technical solutions based on business requirements.
Develop ETL pipelines for large complex data sets and process structured and unstructured data using Spark, Hive, Kafka, Flume, Oozie, etc.
Prototyping and implementing massively scaled data analytics solutions based on Big Data tools (Hadoop, Spark, HIVE / Impala, SQL, H2O, Python and R).
Working with cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud Platform).
Building event streaming solutions in a container-based environment.
Your profile :
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Bioinformatics, Mathematics or Physics.
Deep experience in using common tools to transform and analyze data (structured and unstructured).
Initial experience in cloud computing, event streaming, and container-based solutions.
Solution-oriented approach and implementation of your solution for our customers.
Proactive, team player, strong communication skills, able to work under pressure, an independent and analytical and conceptual approach characterize you.
Experience with one or more multi-purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C / C ++, Python, Scala or JavaScript.
Ability to explain complex technical structures and issues to customers or colleagues.
Very good command of written and spoken German and English.
Mobility and flexibility to work at customer sites are part of our job. We give our best to balance travel and working at your location or from the home office in a way that suits you well.
we offer you :
A diverse and future-proof work environment with a high level of responsibility.
The chance to work on one of the most challenging and relevant projects in financial services and IT technologies.
A working environment built on good team spirit, flexibility and respect.
Wide range of tasks and varied activities.
Intensive training and support from experienced mentors.
Attractive and individual training opportunities for our employees in the areas of data science, data engineering software development and project management.
Rapid career advancement opportunities in a young and dynamic company.
Flat hierarchies and plenty of room for innovative ideas as well as creative opportunities are part of our corporate culture.
Diesen Job melden