Software Architect (m/f/d) Ultrasound Software
Philips
Unterschleißheim
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Software Architect (m/f/d) Ultrasound Software
Philips - Unterschleißheim
Job
Unternehmen
Job Title
Software Architect (m/f/d) Ultrasound Software

Job Description

In this role, you have the opportunity to make life better

Looking at the challenges the world is facing today Philips’ purpose has never been more relevant. So, whatever your role, if you share our passion for helping others, you’ll be working towards creating a better and fairer future for all.

You are part of a fast-moving team of software engineers and you can grow both personally and professionally. This is a unique position that allows you to build solutions that directly help care professionals around the world to better take care of their patients.

You are responsible for

Maintaining and extending our software application architecture

Managing relationships and coordinate work between different teams

Creating requirements, specifications, and architectural solution documentation

Assessing the current implementations and architectures, review for gaps against business needs and industry best practices

Advising on the refactoring and design of existing software

Representing the R&D department technically to other business groups and customers

You are a part of

the technology team, within the Ultrasound R&D department, where you will work collaboratively with other teams to lead the design processes for system architectures of enterprise grade software products, solutions, integrations and next-gen products.

To succeed in this role, you’ll need a customer-first attitude and the following

Master degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical field

Profound experience of 4+ years in software development

First experience in a technical lead role, including experience mentoring other software developers to maintain architectural vision and software quality.

Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis

Experience negotiating design and APIs with other software teams

Excellence in technical communication with peers, partners, and non-technical cohorts

Experience working across multiple engineering teams to drive software design in a Sr. Architect or Principal Engineer role.

Knowledge in multiple object-oriented languages preferable Java and C++, Typescript

Experience working in an agile environment

A flexible and adaptable attitude, willing to accept and drive change, and able to work comfortably with ambiguity, frequent change, and unpredictability

Cloud / AWS architecture experience

Fluent in English

In return, we offer you

Purpose: Doing meaningful work with a great team

30 days of holidays

Hybrid work concept: Up to two days a week "working from home" and up to two weeks a year “working from anywhere” in Europe.

Philips Pension Fund: Employer-funded pension plan

Mobility and devices: leasing bicycles, cars, and also smartphones for private use

Culture: Informal culture, a paid day for voluntary work, various team/cultural activities (on sustainability, diversity, ...), etc.

Philips University: Wide range of professional training courses and for personal development

Philips MyShop: Discount on Philips products

Philips in Balance: Various offers for physical and mental health and sports courses

Why should you join Philips?

Working at Philips is more than a job. It’s a calling to create a healthier society through meaningful work, focused on innovative, customer-first health technology solutions. Help us improve the health and well-being of billions of people, every year. Ultimately creating a career that no one could have planned for. Even you.

Philips is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to skin color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetic information, creed, citizenship, disability.

#LI-EU

#LI-remote

Diesen Job melden