Business Analyst (f/m/d)
BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT GmbH - Corporate
10117 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Founded in 2008, BMG has become the fourth-largest music publisher worldwide. Our success and competitive edge are rooted in our founding values of fairness, transparency, and service.
Our mission is clear: to empower artists and songwriters to maximize the potential of their songs and recordings in the digital era.


We are seeking a talented Business Analyst (f/m/d) to join our Global Finance, Controlling & Reporting team in Berlin. In this role, you will work on global technology with a focus on Anaplan, our forecasting and budgeting system.


Your Tasks

Design, develop, and maintain Anaplan models that support business planning and forecasting processes in the music industry
Collaborate with the Global Finance team and regional Finance teams to gather business requirements and translate them into scalable forecasting models
Ensure data accuracy and completeness within forecasting models and troubleshoot issues as needed
Prepare training materials and regularly teach users
Optimize processes and document functional tests of systems


Your Hard skills

Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, computer science, or related field
Certifications in Anaplan, accounting, or project management are preferred
Experience in designing, developing, and maintaining Anaplan models
Proficiency in Anaplan and other financial systems like ERP (ECC), GL (SAP FI)
Proven experience in programming languages such as Python or SQL
Familiarity with BI tools such as Looker, Power BI or Tableau
Knowledge of cloud-based technologies of SAP like Analytics Cloud or Business Datawarehouse Cloud


Your Soft skills

Solid understanding of business planning, forecasting processes, and financial statements
Good project management skills and the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously
Strong analytical skills along with a good understanding of data modelling and data warehousing
Enthusiasm to stay up-to-date with the latest technology and business trends


What We Offer

A modern office in the heart of Berlin and flexible options for remote work
Numerous benefits such as a free BVG job ticket, an annual Headspace membership, a reduced-price membership for Urban Sports, discounts for Bertelsmann employees etc.
Ongoing training opportunities on our internal platforms BMG Campus and Bertelsmann University
Long-term career opportunities for all employees
A collaborative work environment with an open, appreciative community of people who all share the same passion for working with artists and songwriters
Our unique corporate culture based on strong values and mutual support that make us a great team


This Is Us
As the great Kurt Cobain once said, "Come as you are." BMG is committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all employees. We value diversity in all forms. Equal opportunity is deeply rooted in our core value of fairness, and we are committed to creating a truly inclusive work environment where everyone can thrive. If you're good at what you do, come as you are!
Whether you're an experienced professional or just starting out, we welcome you to join our team.

All applicants to BMG are treated equally - regardless of age, disability, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy or parenthood, ethnic origin, color, nationality, religion or belief.
(BMG is publishing Kurt Cobain's catalog, including the 1992 single 'Come As You Are.')


Unternehmen: BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT GmbH - Corporate

Land: Germany

Region: Berlin

Stadt: Berlin

Postleitzahl: 10117

Job ID: 259242

Diesen Job melden