BT/MT: »Quantum computing - potential applications for the manufacturing industry«
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Aachen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

Quantum computers are viewed as »The Next Big Thing« in computer technology. In theory, they exceed the performance of conventional computing systems significantly, which means that quantum computers have the potential to fundamentally change or even disrupt existing business processes. However, for manufacturing companies, concrete applications of this key technology as well as the corresponding application timeline are unclear since significant challenges in industrialization still need to be solved. In the course of your thesis, you can contribute to introducing companies in the field of quantum computing.




What you will do

Development of a methodology to identify industrially relevant application potentials of quantum computing
Identification of data-based challenges in value-adding processes of manufacturing companies
Consideration of the required technological maturity level and performance capabilities of quantum computers



What you bring to the table

You are studying mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, physics, computer science, CES or a comparable subject
You are interested in the use of future technologies and their strategic implications for the industry
Very good language skills in German and/or English



What you can expect

Ideal conditions for practical experience alongside your studies
Scientific research of a highly relevant and exciting topic
Flexible working to combine study and job in the best possible way



We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.

Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!




Questions according to this position will be answered by:
Frederik Bennemann M.Sc.
Research assistant Strategic Technology Management
Phone: +49 1746277670

Fraunhofer Institute for Production Technology IPT




Requisition Number: 54547 Application Deadline:

Diesen Job melden