Internship (f/d/m) in data science and energy trading
EWE TRADING GmbH
Bremen
Vollzeit, Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Praktikum
Bremen, 25.05.2023
Referenz # 11952

Join us in turning the world of energy on its head.
There’s been a lot of talk about the energy revolution. At EWE, we develop solutions for a sustainable and efficient energy supply in our core areas of electricity, telecommunications and IT. Join our mission and grow with us as in an


Internship (f/d/m) in data science and energy trading
at EWE TRADING GmbH at our location in Bremen.

Home office options possible.
Would you like to:
get introduced to power trading and understand the drivers of the market
help us to get more data visualized
support our traders to make better commercial decisions
use data to analyse the market and develop trading strategies
influence our processes and systems by questioning our routines
What you bring with you:
enrolled student in an industrial engineering, physics, data science, economics, mathematics, or similar programme
good programming skills, especially Python or java script
basic understanding of the energy market preferred but not required
an analytical mindset
highly beneficial, web developement experience
What we offer:
three- to six-month full-time internship
gain experience in Short Term Power during your internship
through your cooperation, you will gain insights into day-to-day business and the opportunity to help shape and advance cross-departmental topics
we rely on flexible working hours that can be reconciled with your studies
you are still looking for an exciting thesis: We will find the right topic for you around energy trading
remote work to some degree is possible

. .. and last but not least a work with the most beautiful view over Bremen!

Contribute to our success story!
Please submit your application documents along with your earliest possible starting date and the EWE reference number 11952 through the link on our website.

We’re looking forward to meeting you!

We emphasise diversity and reject discrimination. What’s important to us is that you fit in as a person. You’re all that counts!

Diesen Job melden