Developer (m/f/d) – Data Architecture & Governance | Microsoft Power Platform
PERI
Ulm
1.864 € pro Monat
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Your responsibilities

Collaboration and management of projects in the global PERI organization for the conception and implementation of new low-code process automation solutions and applications
Administration of Low Code Platform incl. license management
Definition and further development of governance structures on the Low Code Platform
Connection of various data sources to the Low Code Platform and development of a corporate database
Responsibility for application lifecycle management
Continuous optimization and further development of the process automation solutions as well as increasing their degree of utilization
Development of Power Apps, Power Automate and Power Virtual Agent solutions
Technical evaluation of new technologies and features around process automation
Support for issues related to process automation and applications

Your benefits

Remuneration and additional benefits that convince: With us, you can look forward to a pay scale including holiday pay and Christmas bonus. In addition, you can expect a company-sponsored pension scheme, capital-forming benefits and an employee referral programme including a bonus.
Integration of work and life: Wherever possible, we offer mobile working and provide you with the appropriate technical equipment. In addition to flexible working time models and job sharing, our child and holiday care ensures a better work-life balance. 30 days of holiday, an additional day off on Christmas Eve/New Year's Eve and special leave when needed adapt to your life needs.
Grow beyond yourself: Annual employee appraisals, further training advice and support, exchange and mentoring programmes as well as leadership training support you in your professional development. In our PERI Academy, you can take advantage of a wide range of training opportunities as well as free access to online learning platforms such as LinkedIn Learning and getAbstract.

Your profile

Completed university studies in Information Technology, computer science or a comparable field of study
Initial experience working with the Microsoft Power Platform and/or various Azure services
Initial experience in database management and RESTful services an advantage
High degree of independence in dealing with Microsoft 365 applications (especially Excel)
Process- and value-oriented approach as well as strong strategic and analytical skills
Quick familiarization with new technical topics and IT technologies, high solution orientation and willingness to innovate
Communication, moderation and conflict management skills

This is a job offer of Peri-Werk Artur Schwörer GmbH & Co. KG




Unternehmensinfo

Mit einem Umsatz von € 1.864 Mio. im Jahr 2022 ist PERI international einer der größten Hersteller und Anbieter von Schalungs- und Gerüstsystemen. Das Familienunternehmen mit Stammsitz in Weißenhorn (Deutschland) bedient mit rund 9.100 Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeitern, über 60 Tochtergesellschaften und deutlich mehr als 160 Lagerstandorten seine Kunden mit innovativen Systemgeräten und umfangreichen Serviceleistungen rund um die Schalungs- und Gerüsttechnik.

Diesen Job melden