Data Scientist - Germany
Vianai Systems
Heidelberg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

The Opportunity:

Vianai is looking for an experienced Data Scientist who will build and train our next generation AI platform. Our ideal Data Scientist is hands-on, collaborative, self-motivated, and innovative. She or he should be as excited as we are to create human-centered AI products poised for rapid growth and continued success.

Expectations:

You will be part of our ML/Data Science and Engineering teams focused on building and training robust and interactive machine learning applications.
You will collaborate with a diverse team of designers, developers, engineers and data scientists from around the globe.
You have strong mathematical, analytical, and quantitative problem solving abilities.
You can effectively communicate and present your work in a clear and simple manner as a strong team player.

Qualifications:

M.S. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related field.
Proven track record of developing novel learning algorithms/systems.
5+ years of experience in statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining practices.
Experience with Machine/Deep Learning software packages such as TensorFlow/MXNet/SparkML/R etc.
Ability to visualize data and present core insights in a clear and compelling way.
Ability to multi-task, express creativity, and rapid prototype in an agile development environment.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.

Preferred Qualifications:



Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related field
Hands on experience on full stack JavaScript web application development.
Familiar with data stack applications like SQL Database, Data warehouse, Kafka etc.
Knowledge in Business Intelligence and tools like Tableau.

Who We Are:

We are a team of engineers, designers, doers, makers, and thought leaders. We are also sisters and brothers, fathers and mothers, partners and friends. We are curious and creative, confident and humble and we have a passion for what's next. We believe that when used to amplify our humanity, our technology has the power to do good in the world.

While Vianai is a part of each one of us, it isn't all of us.

Our company is founded on a culture of trust, empowerment, and respect. We bring our whole self to work — the non-perfect, messy, sometimes imposter, sometimes expert, sometimes vulnerable, and sometimes superhuman self that contributes to what we believe in. We are committed to advancing inclusion, equity and diversity because we believe that to design more transparent and beneficial AI systems, we need architects of all types. And to us, the more perspectives the better.

Vianai has deep expertise in enterprise technologies and landscapes, business application development, engineering services, design thinking, and cutting-edge AI research. We are a startup, and we are founded, funded, and led by veterans of the industry. We think and work like entrepreneurs, but we've brought a wealth of experience and expertise that is deeply relevant to our mission and the market opportunity.




About Vianai:

Vianai (https://www.vian.ai/) is a Human-Centered AI platform and products company amplifying the power of human understanding and collaboration together with advanced AI techniques, to drive transformation. Vianai's unique human-centered approach empowers data professionals and domain experts to leverage causal data science, drive deeper intelligence into decision making and improve business outcomes. Vianai customers include many of the world's largest and most respected companies in manufacturing, financial services, retail, and aerospace and defense, among many others. The company is headquartered in Palo Alto, California, and has an R&D center in Israel.

Diesen Job melden