Data Scientist
Marley Spoon
Berlin
Schnellbewerbung

Marley Spoon is the new way to cook. We bring delightful, market fresh and easy cooking back to the people while building a sustainable supply chain for a waste-free world. We’re a well-funded and publicly listed company.

We operate across 3 continents and in 8 countries with over +1500 employees worldwide. Being passionate foodies, we are using technology to reinvent the global food supply chain to reduce food waste. In the end, it's simple: We started Marley Spoon because we love cooking! We now have an exciting opportunity to bring a Data Scientist on board our team, working across all brands and territories. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to be part of the food revolution and join our food-tech start-up as we take our growth to the next level.

As a part of the team, you'll be responsible for:

Building a range of analytical models (Prescriptive, Predictive, Diagnostic, Descriptive)
Building predictive and segmentation models (e.g. RFM segmentation, churn prediction, sentimental analysis, recommendation engines, next best offer, propensity scoring models, etc.) making use of relevant data from multiple data sources
Deploying, maintaining and improving the models using various types of algorithms and techniques
Mine data from multiple sources and to build/enhance stored procedures/functions
Providing deep-dive analytical support for the business

Requirements

MSc or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline: Machine Learning, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics or related fields
Experience in a Data Science related role
Hands-on experience in building segmentation and prediction models with large datasets using various algorithms and techniques (decision trees, logistic regression, neural networks, clustering, etc.)
Hands-on experience in Python and common numerical and ML packages (NumPy, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, and PySpark)
Good software engineering practices e.g. unit tests, logging, CI/CD pipelines, software patterns and experience developing production software
Sound knowledge of classic prediction processes (classification, regression, ranking, time series), and inferential statistics (tests, interpretation of models)
Experienced dealing with large amounts of data and knowledge of big data technologies (e.g. SageMaker, AirFlow, Snowflake, Looker)

Benefits

An open, diverse culture with over 50 nationalities of friendly, fun-loving foodies!
A company that’s growing fast, with plenty of opportunities for personal and professional growth
Flexible working hours; hybrid work policy (remote + office)
30 paid days off per year
5 training days per year and online courses licenses
Possibility to be a part of Marley Spoon’s success with an outstanding equity program
Corporate pension scheme (we add 20% on top of your contribution)
Free Marley Spoon and/or Dinnerly boxes delivered to your doorstep
Gym membership and language course discounts
Friday drinks and plenty of fun team events
A beautiful office by the canal in buzzing Kreuzberg, with free food from our test kitchen
Diesen Job melden