Director Big Data Science
Reality AI
Düsseldorf
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Title: Director Big Data Science

Requisition ID: 52342
Department: Software System Development Department
Location: Duesseldorf, DE
Sofia, BG
Athens, GR
Bourne End, GB
Job Function: Software

Our mission is to use the latest machine learning and cloud technologies to develop the best AI inference for self-driving vehicle and advanced driver safety engineers. Renesas is the leading automotive electronics supplier globally, and this is a rare opportunity to deploy your software to billions of devices we ship to customers every year. You will join our newly formed AI Solutions global research and development organization of around 100 software engineers. Due to strong demand for our AI-related products we are planning to triple in size in the next three years, so there is lots of room for you to help us grow the team together while remaining small. Our key locations are the Tokyo, London, Dusseldorf, and Ho Chi Minh City metro areas, but you can also join fully remotely from other locations globally or get our support to relocate to our key location hubs


The Job


As a Director Big Data Science, you will:

Recruit, train, and lead a team of data analysts.
Establish new systems and processes and look for opportunities to improve the flow of data.
Evaluate new and emerging technologies.
Turn data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions.
Generate large databases from various sources of structured and unstructured data
Analyse data and generate statistical information to identify trends and patterns
Understand the phases of product delivery and expert analyses across product life cycles, running the analysis for each stage and contributing to decision making
Use a range of programming languages to transform big data into data sets
Translate technical data to simple language and giving recommendations and conclusions to stakeholders
Develop interactive dashboards that combine visuals with real-time data
Build scalable machine learning pipelines and using feature engineering and optimisation methods to improve data set performance



Your Profile


7-10 years of Managerial experience.
12-15 years of relevant experience (e.g. Automotive domain, DevOps, Cloud development).
Bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline (e.g., computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics) and master’s degree in data science or data analytics.
Experience in running end to end machine learning pipelines, including deployment to production as well as stakeholder engagement.
Experience in working with large amounts of data and data systems.
Proficient with Programming languages (Python, Java, JavaScript, SQL)
Experience with machine learning frameworks (Tensorflow or PyTorch)
Experience with NLP libraries (NLTK, openNLP, Standord-NLP, WordNet) and with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, MS Azure, IBM)
A solid understanding of data sources, data organization and storage
In-depth knowledge of statistical methodologies and data analysis techniques


Renesas Electronics Corporation (TSE: 6723) empowers a safer, smarter and more sustainable future where technology helps make our lives easier. A leading global provider of microcontrollers, Renesas combines our expertise in embedded processing, analog, power and connectivity to deliver complete semiconductor solutions. These Winning Combinations accelerate time to market for automotive, industrial, infrastructure and IoT applications, enabling billions of connected, intelligent devices that enhance the way people work and live. Learn more at renesas.com. Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, and Instagram.


Renesas’ mission, To Make Our Lives Easier, is underpinned by our company culture, TAGIE. TAGIE stands for Transparent, Agile, Global, Innovative and Entrepreneurial. Our goal is to embed this unique culture in everything we do to succeed as a company and create trust with our diverse colleagues, customers and stakeholders.


We are committed to creating a diverse culture where everyone is included and feels a sense of belonging. For more information, please read our Diversity & Inclusion Statement.

Diesen Job melden