Junior Product Quality Chemist
Veolia
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Role Summary/Objective/Purpose:

The Product Quality Chemist, Jr will assist the EMEA Product Quality Team to execute and deliver on business goals by technical documentation review, conducting laboratory experiments and supporting the digital transformation. In this role, a successful candidate executes and summarizes quality/laboratory assessments, presents his/her work to the team and EMEA plant staff and make recommendations for improvement. The Junior Chemist is responsible for the sample management of the EMEA Product Quality team.

Essential Responsibilities

Administrative and laboratory support for the EMEA product quality team
Support new supplier raw material quality assessments
Assist in the evaluation of the quality and formulation stability requirements for new product introductions into EMEA region
Assist in the production incident resolution and ensure existing product formulations, manufacturing instructions, and product quality information are accurate, acceptable and effectively communicated.
Support the investigation and propose actions required to handle product quality change requests (MOC), off-spec products, batch adjustments, reworks and blend-offs.
Conduct laboratory experiments and operate analytical equipment, including ICP, Auto-titrators, UV-VIS, Viscometers, etc. Perform initial maintenance and troubleshooting of analytical instrumentation
Collect, record, analyze experiment data, communicate the status of projects and make recommendations.

• Assist the digital transformation to increase productivity in EMEA • Responsible for the EMEA sample management.

Support business ISO 9001 Quality initiatives by ensuring laboratory compliance
Consistently demonstrate compliance with regulatory requirements, company policies, and Safety rules/procedures at all times.
Requires cross-functional interaction and relationship with Manufacturing, lab technicians, EHS and Vendors.

Basic Qualifications/ Requirements

Master's degree in Science or Engineering from an accredited university of college or equivalent by experience
Language: Good English speaking and writing skills, able to communicate technical processes in English and Dutch (other European languages can be an advantage)
You are an independent worker, highly motivated as well as a team player.
PC skills: Basic knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and data analysis.
Flexibel to travel on 50% basis between Herentals and Heverlee SUEZ WTS facilities Desired Traits

Desired Traits

You have a curiosity to understand chemical production processes.
You can communicate complex chemical matter to none-chemically trained people.
You are motivated, energetic and have an action driven mentality
You can prioritize and handle multiple topics
You are a problem solver
Desire to grow and develop in the role, and over time become a strong technical resource for EMEA
Diesen Job melden