Senior Data Scientist - Commercial Excellence (m/f/d)
Buynomics
Köln
Schnellbewerbung

About Buynomics:

"What will customers buy?" is the crucial question underlying all commercial decisions in all companies. Buynomics has developed Virtual Customer technology, which answers this question 100x faster and more precisely than every other solution. This will end the common practice of gut feeling and Excels. Our goal is to enable companies to make data-driven, transparent, and customer-centric commercial decisions. For that, we build the operating system for commercial decisions that provides companies with a single source of truth to answer all their market-facing questions including pricing, product offers, and promotions.

Buynomics is the next-generation SaaS company in pricing and product optimization. It employs large-scale simulation technologies to digitize customers and predict their purchase behavior - in any environment. Our clients use Buynomics to make data-driven decisions about their current and new products, overall portfolio structure, pricing, promotions, trade terms, and more!

You will play a key role in allowing us to create value from our clients' data efficiently by working on the Data Science end of the Solution Engineering team. We offer the exciting opportunity to work in a young team with a modern tech stack with the chance to shape crucial processes early on.

What you'll do:

Create solutions that map clients into the buynomics framework using data science, building on a deep understanding of modern revenue management, our clients' questions and the buynomics framework and core algorithms
Participate in the R&D of processes and features that allow us to create value from data in a highly automatic fashion using statistics and machine learning (e.g., developing clustering and prediction algorithms, statistical model evaluation metrics, prototyping approaches to new industries, and more)
Assist with high-priority operational requests that may involve quick data analyses or scripting

What you'll need:

Completed master's degree in the field of economics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative area from a leading university, with a sound knowledge of modern statistics and at least basic knowledge of machine learning
2+ years of experience in leveraging data science to create value from data, either in a commercial or an academic setting
Intermediate knowledge of Python. Any deeper programming knowledge is a plus
Eagerness to drive value and have an impact from "day 1" including a hands-on mentality to actively help yourself and others
Ability to effectively manage the ambiguities of a young startup and strive for excellence without much supervision
Curiosity about commercial insights and modern pricing, and a willingness to become an expert in the field
Experience in a fast-paced environment like consulting or high-growth startups is a plus
Good verbal and written English

What we offer:

International and diverse work environment
A hybrid work model
Full onboarding support
A flat organizational structure
Opportunities to develop your skills with our employee development & education budget
We offer culture & integration benefits, as well as health & fitness benefits
Competitive compensation

Buynomics is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don't discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. We're a diverse team in so many ways, and we love it that way.

Diesen Job melden