Ph.D. or Post Doc Position in Data Science (f/m/d)
Universitätsklinikum Aachen AöR
52074 Aachen
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

As a tertiary and quaternary level provider of medical care, the University Hospital of RWTH Aachen combines patient-oriented medicine and care, teaching and research at an international level. The entire spectrum of medical care is provided through 36 specialist departments, 33 institutes and six interdisciplinary units. The co-location of patient care, research and teaching in a central building offers the best conditions for intensive interdisciplinary exchange and close clinical and scientific networking. Highly qualified teams of doctors, nurses and scientists work collaboratively to optimise the healthcare provision of our local, regional, national and international patients. Around 9,000 employees ensure that our care delivery is patient-oriented medicine and surpasses the highest quality standards. With 1,400 beds, the university hospital treats around 50,000 inpatient and 200,000 outpatient cases per year.

The Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology (Group M&M – Machine Learning and Musculoskeletal Imaging) seeks a dedicated and qualified individual

Ph.D. or Post Doc Position in Data Science (f/m/d)

The fulltime position (38,5 h/week) starts as soon as possible, initially limited for 3 years with option of prolongation.

Your responsibilities:

As a Ph.D. candidate in Data Science (Radiology), you will be involved in research projects focusing on imaging aspects (including image data acquisition, processing, and analysis) and artificial intelligence. You will develop innovative methods and models for the automated analysis and interpretation of image data to optimize diagnostic processes and improve patient care. You will contribute to identifying and analyzing data sources and apply your expertise in machine learning and artificial intelligence to develop precise and efficient diagnostic procedures. The research projects typically have an interdisciplinary approach at the interface between radiology, other clinical disciplines, image processing, data science, and computer science. Accordingly, you will work in a dynamic, dedicated, and interdisciplinary research environment within the Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology that extends to national and international collaborations. Close cooperation with radiologists, data scientists, and other experts ensures the relevance and transferability of your research into clinical practice.

Your profile:

Degree in Data Science, (Medical) Informatics, Physics, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field
Solid knowledge of machine learning, artificial intelligence, and statistical data analysis
Programming skills in Python, including relevant Python packages
Knowledge of medical imaging is advantageous
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Fluent in English, both written and spoken (Level C1)
Motivation to drive large-scale research projects

You can expect:

A highly attractive scientific environment in a renowned research group,
Close and fruitful collaborations in an interdisciplinary team of radiologists, data scientists, and clinicians and with other clinics/institutes at Aachen University Hospital, RWTH Aachen University, as well as national and international partner institutions,
Leading your research project and participating in the research projects of colleagues,
Comprehensive academic career development and qualification,
A friendly, diverse, and vibrant work atmosphere in a dynamic and ambitious team

Furthermore, Aachen University Hospital and RWTH Aachen University offer the opportunity to conduct research in a top-notch scientific environment and further develop your academic career. As part of our team, you will benefit from excellent infrastructure, modern facilities, and interdisciplinary collaboration at one of Europe's leading research and teaching locations.

Why should you choose us?

300 professions under one roof - more professional diversity is not possible
We offer performance-based remuneration in accordance with the provisions of TV-L (EG 13), including attractive public service benefits
In addition to a wide range of continued education and training opportunities we offer a variety of health promotion options and an extensive university sports program
Monthly employee discounts through our corporate benefits program to save on private shopping
Flexible working hours supporting your balance between career and family, because your work-life balance is important to us
Attractive conditions for public transport or discounted employee parking for a relaxed commute
A company kindergarten allowing your children to always be close by (Places subject to availability)
Onboarding-App for new colleagues, to get to know the University Hospital RWTH Aachen before starting
Long opening times of the staff canteen

This position is not gender specific.

The RWTH Aachen University Hospital promotes equal opportunities and diversity. Female candidates are strongly encouraged to apply for this position. If qualified, they will be given priority in accordance with the State Gender Equality Act (“Landesgleichstellungsgesetz”). If suitably qualified, people with a registered disability will also receive priority.

Weekly working hours are negotiable.

We strongly encourage the use of our digital application portal at www.karriere.ukaachen.de. Using the online portal, your documents will be secured in the electronic application folder where they are well-protected against unauthorized access. Applications can be sent to us by email: bewerbung@ukaachen.de and will be transferred to the aforementioned portal. Any accompanying documents will be deleted immediately after transfer, in accordance with data protection regulations. After expiry of the retention period, the data in the portal will be deleted. If you object to a transfer to the Application portal your application cannot be considered.

Please include a cover letter, CV, certificates, and references, if available.

Uniklinik RWTH Aachen, Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, Univ.-Prof. Dr.med. Christiane Kuhl, Pauwelsstr. 30, 52074 Aachen.

The application deadline for the advertised position GB-P 42924 is July 01, 2023.

For more detailed information please contact PD Dr. med. Daniel Truhn, E-Mail: dtruhn@ukaachen.de or Priv.-Doz. Dr. med. Sven Nebelung, E-Mail: snebelung@ukaachen.de .

ttps://www.ukaachen.de/kliniken-institute/klinik-fuer-diagnostische-und-interventionelle-radiologie/forschung/mm-machine-learning-and-musculoskeletal-imaging/

Diesen Job melden