Data Scientist - Digitalization, Trading & Origination (m/f/d)
Statkraft
Düsseldorf
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Data Scientist - Digitalization, Trading & Origination (m/f/d)

Full-time
Company Description

Data Scientist, Trading & Origination


Location: Oslo, Norway/London, UK / Dusseldorf, Germany / Stamford, CT, United States


Why Statkraft?

Statkraft is Europe’s largest generator of renewable energy. As a major player in the energy wholesale market, we are developing green power solutions for renewable energy producers and companies from trade and industry. We support our customers on the way to a 100% renewable electricity supply. Join the team and take part in creating tomorrow’s energy world!


Working in Digitalization, Trading & Origination (T&O)

Statkraft is a major market participant in Energy Trading. As part of the Trading & Origination Department (T&O), the Digitalization Unit is driving forward T&O’s digitalization agenda and will play a crucial and fundamental role in creating a novel framework which ensures that the Trading & Origination Department delivers on its strategic targets of expanding both the proprietary trading and customer service businesses.

Working as part of a high performing team, it is anticipated that the Digitalization Unit will quickly be able to make an impact through innovative process improvements, cross-functional cooperation, and improved knowledge sharing. The Digitalization Unit ultimately provides an essential strategic partnering bridge between the commercial business needs and the IT solutions available.


Job Description

We are looking for a Data Scientist with prior system engineering skills to join our exciting and forward-thinking Quantitative Development team.

The role will be a fundamental part of this ground-breaking initiative within Statkraft to develop new core analytical and compute capabilities using the latest best-in-class services. In your role you will work with the Proprietary Trading teams to help build a competitive edge for our commercial business via data and digitalization.

This position will play an essential role in driving operational excellence for the platform delivered by Markets IT and will be responsible for integrating all related functions (product owners, developers, quant analysts, IT operations) and resources across the product life cycle, from planning, building, testing, and deployment to support.

Reporting directly to the Head of Quantitative Development, you will leverage innovative and leading edge technologies and apply a clear passion for automation to build and evolve our developer ecosystem.

This role will be based in Oslo, Norway / Dusseldorf, Germany / London, UK / Stamford, CT, US.

Your responsibilities will include:

To champion and drive the operational excellence of the Proprietary Trading technology platform by unifying and automating daily tasks including software development, quality assurance, deployment and integration
To build and promote cross team best practice and concepts that will shorten development cycles and help teams provide high quality data and digital solutions consistently
Understand the digital solution requirements of our Proprietary Trading teams and work collaboratively with relevant IT stakeholders/partners to implement the required development, testing, support and IT infrastructure
Proactively resolve technical issues/blockers as a key engineer in the Quant Development team, and identify and qualify new tooling and approaches from both internal and external sources to increase productivity in software development
Review, verify and validate the software code developed by using troubleshooting techniques and perform thorough and insightful code reviews to help maintain a high standard of quality control
Interact closely with Infrastructure teams to optimize system architecture for analytical workflows
Build continuous integration, continuous development, and constant deployment pipeline (CI/CD pipeline)
Monitor and measure stakeholder experience / KPIs and manage periodic reporting on project progress to the Head of Quantitative Development and Head of Proprietary Trading
Qualifications
Education in Computer Science or similar (MSc. / Ph.D., though B.Sc. considered in exceptional cases)
3 years+ experience with demonstrated ‘data pipeline’ and devops or systems engineering skills (ideally in a trading environment)
Previous exposure to CI/CD solutions (e.g Terraform, GitLab, Ansible, Jenkins); Artifact Repositories (Artifactory, Yum, Docker Registry)
Experience delivering software using Containers (Kubernetes, Docker)
Strong coding and data management workflow skills and specifically:

o Git Version Control; Python 3.6+; Python package management

o Experience with IDE / PyCharm/ VSCode

o Object Oriented Software Programming (C, C++, Rush)

o Familiarity with cloud services and microservices (Azure, AWS, Google)

o Collaboration frameworks (Jira, Confluence, Gitlab )


Strong analytical skills and commercial mindset with the ability to efficiently and effectively troubleshoot problems in a timely manner
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate and communicate well across various environments
Fluent in English, both oral and in writing
Additional Information

A career with Statkraft is a career filled with purpose – meaning that every employee is not just making a living, they are making a real difference to the planet, our communities, and the future. Together, we work on the front lines of changing the game for renewable energy. From hydrogen development to algorithmic trading and everything in between. We have 125 years of unrivalled expertise in creating technologies that put ecosystems, communities, and our environment first. With us, you will shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match. This includes:

Extensive professional and personal learning and development opportunities
The chance to grow your career alongside a truly global network of experts, leaders, specialists and graduates from different countries and backgrounds
A diverse workplace with regard to gender, age, and cultural background

Statkraft offers competitive terms of employment and benefits schemes, and we’re a trusted employer that puts the safety of our people first. We believe that a safe and healthy working environment is a matter of choice, not chance.

Statkraft manages critical infrastructure and services in several countries. The applicant must be eligible for security clearance and authorization.

Diesen Job melden