(Senior) Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Kayzen
Berlin
Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Festanstellung

Note - We would prioritise candidates having industry experience in adtech/martech/mobile gaming sectors.

Hello I am Puneet, Co-Founder and CPO of Kayzen, and I am now looking for a Data Scientist who will be reporting directly to me and working very closely with our Data Science Team (e.g. Heiko, Augusto) in our Data Science topics

But wait, you have not heard of Kayzen before?

In short, Kayzen is a B2B SaaS platform that allows companies to reach users with video and rich media ads while they use mobile apps.
We are a 80-people international team, working flexibly across 8 different countries.

Also, we take pride in building the best platform to help mobile marketers reach new target audiences in apps. Our ambition is nothing less than to become a global category leader in our market.

How would you describe the data science and machine learning challenges at Kayzen?

Working on various machine-learning models that process terabytes of data, serving billions of ad requests and users around the globe in real-time.

Our day-to-day work in data science and machine learning covers many areas, including:

Targeted and hyper-specialized models to predict specific events

Massive-scale supervised and unsupervised learning algorithms

Clustering, embeddings, and recommender system algorithms

We constantly improve our models to stay on top of the latest research in the field of ad-tech

Developing new creative solutions to a vast variety of different optimisation problems

Sounds like you?

Extensive work experience in the adtech/martech/mobile gaming sectors

Extensive experience with the development of data science products from research to production

Good coding skills with the attitude of clean code, reproducibility, and testing

Proficient in the following tools: Python, Spark, Hadoop, Airflow, Docker, and SQL

Previous Experience with algorithms to handle sparse and large datasets for prediction, clustering, and outlier detection

(Big plus) - Knowledge of reinforcement learning and optimisation problems on a large scale

A decent understanding of dashboards and SQL will help to develop and improve monitoring tools




All-in-all, why Kayzen?

We genuinely see encouraging ownership of your quality work, accelerating your career development, and keeping+hiring exceptional colleagues as the biggest perks (above everything else)
We are already profitable. So you can expect stability from the company financially, and you can enjoy the thrill of working in a start-up environment at the same time.
Our work is driven by our own team, rather than external parties (e.g. Often start-up/scale-up companies can be heavily influenced by external parties, such as venture investors who are not deeply into the business.)
Transparency - Day-to-day work experience with the management team and regular business updates to the team
Our Kayzenians - For instance, we did a global week of workation offsite in 2022. Check out how we were having fun here. Perhaps we will see you in the next offsite as well?

Other benefits for every Kayzenian globally

Competitive compensation package
Parent-friendly company culture
Remote-friendly company culture
$500 home-office-equipment budget
$1000 annual learning and development budget



Our team genuinely believes high-performance outcomes are achieved through hiring top talent and creating a productive and healthy work culture.
Hopefully the above excites you enough to apply

__________________

P.S. Not sure whether you should apply as you think you may not meet all the above criteria?

As long as you have the relevant industry experience (adtech/martech/mobile gaming), we would encourage you to apply even if you meet only some of the points in the job description.
Then, we could have a chat and see if you could be suitable for the role.
Diesen Job melden