Firmware Engineer
Applanix
Salzkotten
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Title: Firmware Engineer

Location: Salzkotten / Germany

Department: Agriculture

What You Will Do

As a Firmware Engineer at Trimble you will be involved in the analysis, design and development of features for several embedded software libraries and application programs. These libraries are the basis for all data communication; data management and visualization on agricultural machines according to the ISO11789 standard.

Besides the developer work, there is also the possibility to engage in the scrum process and to lead a team as a scrum master.

In Salzkotten we are a familiar team, but we work closely together with other locations.

This is a vibrant and fun team that is very focused on creating a positive team environment that will have you looking forward to coming to work each day. The work itself is interesting and challenging, and the team speaks of feeling a sense of fulfillment in what they do.

Key aspects of the position are:

Clarify and specify requirements closely with the customer in the refinement process

Development and integration of software library components
Most parts will be written in C

Planning, specification and execution of reviews and software tests

What Skills & Experience You Should Bring

Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field

practical knowledge of the language C

Excellent knowledge of compilers & debuggers

Knowledge of unit testing strategies to ensure appropriate test coverage is beneficial

Natural problem solver

Good communicator - communicate technical aspects within the team as well as more general discussion with a wider audience

Good skills of written and spoken English

Willingness to collaborate in cross-site groups

What Skills & Experience You Could Bring

Experience with 32-bit embedded microprocessors

Experience with real-time operating systems

Experience with vehicle network technologies (CAN, J1939, Ethernet)

Knowledge in the use of modern software development methods and tools

Requirements management (Po larion)

Version control (bitbucket)

Bug Tracking (Jira)

Unit tests (googletest/Parasoft)

Code reviews (bitbucket)

Continuous Integration (bamboo)

Experience with agile software development processes (SCRUM)

Information About Our Site

Since 2017, Müller-Elektronik has been part of the Trimble Group in the agriculture business division. The focus is on the development of innovative technologies for targeted management of agricultural fields through networking of intelligent agricultural technology and modern data technology.

Information to Review:

The following links are recommended to better your understanding of Trimble, and the products available within this particular division.

Trimble

Trimble: Life’s Work (Video)

Trimble Agriculture

Müller Elektronik

Trimble Agriculture Solutions (Video)

Trimble Agriculture Intro (Video)


About Trimble Agriculture

The Agriculture division builds precision farming systems, including displays and automated guidance systems for agricultural vehicles. Farmers use our guidance systems to automatically steer their tractors with highly accurate GPS/GNSS-based control. Our display systems automatically control farm implements performing operations like planting seeds, spraying fertilizer, and measuring crop yield in an optimal way based on soil conditions and agronomist prescriptions. Our displays send the farm data to our web-based farm and fleet management system Trimble Agriculture business software. We save water, fuel, chemicals, and time and increase crop yields along the way.


Driving efficiency and profitability in the field, we offer field solutions for vehicles and implement guidance and steering; flow and application control; irrigation, drainage, land leveling, land forming, terraces, and waterways; harvest and yield monitoring; and a broad suite of correction services to meet your accuracy needs.

Diesen Job melden