Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Solutions Architect, Omniverse
NVIDIA
München
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Are you passionate about the Metaverse and how it can be applied to the real industrial world? We should talk. We are looking for a Solution Architect to join the growing NVIDIA Professional Services team. NVIDIA is the world leader in computer graphics, artificial intelligence, and accelerated computing, and is looking for developers like you to help customers design, build and deploy Enterprise Digital Twin Simulations using our newest development platform called NVIDIA Omniverse.
NVIDIA Omniverse is built around open source standards like Pixar’s USD (Universal Scene Description), MDL (Material Definition Language), and PhysX (scalable multi-platform physics solution) and has multi-user and application collaboration at its heart. We believe that everything autonomous will be first visualized and simulated, and with Omniverse, we are on a journey to build AI enabled and AI enabling digital twins. Doing what's never been done before takes vision, innovation, and the world's best talent. At NVIDIA, you will be immersed in a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the world.
What you'll be doing:
Help customers scope and get started with their Digital Twin journeys on Omniverse, including data aggregation, design and collaboration, synthetic data generation and simulation pipelines.
Lead technical professional services activities of Omniverse Cloud customers
Develop and demonstrate 3D and AI workflows based on NVIDIA Omniverse
Work directly with key customers, particularly in the areas of Automotive, Manufacturing and Logistics, to understand their workflows and share feedback with internal teams.
Understand different solutions trade-offs and propose enterprise customers the best architecture and technical execution.
What we need to see:
An extraordinary passion for pioneering computer-graphics, simulation, and deep learning.
Experience with Automotive and/or Manufacturing industry workflows and related digital manufacturing software (e.g. Dassault, Siemens Technomatix, Bentley, PTC, Autodesk, Siemens Teamcenter).
Experience with CAD and Digital Content Creation (DCC) tools, 3D visualization and graphics pipelines, as well as ability to scope and estimate effort to build 3D applications
Familiarity with Linux and Windows operating systems
Python programming experience
5+ years of meaningful work experience, ideally in an engineering and manufacturing production related field of expertise
Bachelor's degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or Computer Science
Outstanding communication skills, be organized and play well with others (an excellent teammate!!)
Ways to stand out from the crowd:
Experience with Omniverse and Pixar’s USD
Working knowledge of real-time 3D engines like Epic’s Unreal Engine or Unity3D and 3D Engine plug-in development
Experience with physics simulation, industrial discrete event robotics simulation tools or ROS2.
Background with computer vision, synthetic data generation, AI concepts and tooling.
Experience developing and deploying solutions in hybrid and/or cloud environments
NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative and autonomous, we want to hear from you!
Diesen Job melden