QA Engineer (m/f/d)
AlignTech
14167 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Join a team that is changing millions of lives.

Transforming smiles, changing lives.

At Align Technology, we believe a great smile can transform a person’s life, so we create technology that gives people the confidence to take on whatever’s next. We revolutionized the orthodontic industry with the introduction of the Invisalign system, and we have never lost sight of that spirit of innovation. Our diverse and collaborative teams are constantly pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.

Ready to join us?

About this opportunity


As SQA Engineer, you will have an exciting opportunity to contribute to Diagnostics as a Service on the Align Digital Platform. The vision for Diagnostics as a Service is to acquire imaging data and develop ML models that provide analysis of clinical conditions in support of overall Oral Health. The key stakeholders include patients, general dentists, orthodontists, dental lab technicians, dental service organizations, universities, and public hospitals. As SQA Engineer you will work with the managers, machine learning engineers, data scientists, marketing managers, software engineers, medical domain experts, quality management experts and others to guarantee the quality standards of an impactful Diagnostics AI products.


In this role, you will…
Design test cases and conduct test case reviews
Driving and supporting test automation of our applications
Participate in product releases
Estimate testing scope and plan testing for project / feature
Manage and maintain required software testing documentation
Work with bugs throughout their life cycle
Collaborate with other applications' teams
In this role, you’ll need …
5+ years previous experience as SQA Engineer
3+ years hands on experience in test automation using Python or JavaScript
Experience in writing and maintaining technical documentation for regulated medical devices
Broad knowledge of SQA processes and their impact on product development
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
Sound like a good fit?
Great! Click the "Apply" link to let us know you are interested. Not the right fit? Don’t worry, Align is quickly growing so we are creating more opportunities to expand our Align family. Please consider joining our Talent Network to receive notifications about future jobs or sharing this opportunity with others in your network.

About Align
Align Technology is a publicly traded medical device company that is transforming smiles and changing lives. Our global team of talented employees develop innovative technology, tools and treatment options to help dental professionals worldwide achieve the clinical results they expect. Our digital ecosystem combines the power of technology to create beautiful smiles through the integration of AI and machine learning, digital imaging and visualization, biomechanics and material science to develop the Invisalign system, the most advanced clear aligner system in the world; iTero Intraoral Scanners and OrthoCAD digital services. Did you know? Align is the world’s largest manufacturer of custom 3D-printed materials.

By joining Align, you will be part of a global, fast-growing company in one of the most dynamic industries. Great people, innovative technologies, and meaningful work – these are just some of the things employees say make Align Technology a great place to work.

We respect your privacy. Please review our Applicant Privacy Policies for additional information.

Global Diversity Statement:
At Align, we believe in the power of a smile, and we know that every smile is as unique as our employees. As we grow, we will continue building a workforce of diverse cultural backgrounds and life experiences and fostering a culture of open-mindedness and compassion for all our employees. We live our company values by promoting healthy people and healthy communities. All with the intent of changing millions of lives, one unique smile at a time.

Equal Opportunity Statement
It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity in all of our employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for positions with Align must be legally authorized to work in the country which they are applying for and verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire.

#LI-AL2
#LI-Hybrid
Diesen Job melden