Senior Data Scientist (f/m/d)
paretos GmbH
Homeoffice
Schnellbewerbung
Paretos is the leading AI-based decision intelligence platform to make effective, data-driven decisions across entire organizations, enabling business users to evaluate complex data, predict future scenarios and take optimal actions via a no-code UI and integrations with no prior data science knowledge needed. As a "remote-first company" with team members all over Europe, we strongly believe that this ambitious path is only possible with a great and diverse team.

paretos is an inclusive company with equal opportunities for all. Our corporate culture is guided by the principles of GUNG HO - we believe in the synergy of worthwhile work, the control of achieving a common goal, and the importance of cheering each other on. We are proud to have brought together passionate, high-performing and caring people of all genders, cultures, backgrounds and views. Together, they all form the heart of the company and drive us to new heights every day. The combination of remote work and regular onsite-events is our key to strengthen our team spirit and to form our culture. To keep this up, we are happy to receive your application if you already live in Europe or if you’re open to relocate.

Aufgaben

At paretos, you are participating in cutting-edge research in artificial intelligence and making the best ideas accessible to optimize real-world applications. On the mission to help businesses with "No More Bad Decisions," you will be responsible for:


You are part of our "Geek" tech team and work closely with our technical development which transforms your ideas into an easy-to-use product
You will be responsible for customer success stories by developing the required machine learning/deep learning models and providing simple, data-driven solutions for complex problem definitions.
Develop predictive models and optimization algorithms that provide recommendations on various trade-off use cases to pave our way to becoming the leader in Decision Intelligence
Support others to perform data-driven decisions on various domains by researching and experimenting with state-of-the-art modelling approaches that directly have an impact on the business of our clients
Work together with a diverse and motivated team on the full lifecycle of our product where engineering concepts are discussed and iterated as well as new requirements for our product.
Be strategic in your approach to product and feature development, demonstrating what can drive business value
Qualifikation


5+ years of working experience in Data Science projects with hands-on, technical responsibilities as your main focus.
Data wrangling (Preprocessing, Data Cleaning e.g.)
Modelling (Machine Learning, Deep Learning e.g.)
Advanced understanding of Linear Algebra
Proficient with Python- 5+ years of experience
Experience with data science libraries like pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn and PyTorch
Proficient with machine learning libraries like sklearn, pytorch, darts, xgboost, pymc- 5+ years of experience
Motivation to work together in a team of brilliant minds
Fluent in English, German speaking is a plus
Plus/bonus: experience with optimization methods (discrete and/or continuous), operation research (OR)
Plus/bonus: Realized ML projects that run in production
Benefits

These little perks will be waiting for you if you become part of the paretos-family:


We are a remote-first company – nevertheless, you’re still very welcome to work at the office and enjoy the great view over Heidelberg
At the office, you can test your barista skills and brew some great coffee to keep you going throughout the workday or enjoy some coffee talks with your fellow paretoneers. (You might even be awarded the next “paretos office barista of the year” at our Christmas party!)
Talking about the team: you’ll complement a highly skilled & motivated team of paretoneers ready to hit the road and have fun along the way
We regularly enjoy professional and fun events online and IRL with the whole team
You’ll get the office equipment you need to show off your full potential. We believe that your capabilities shouldn’t be limited by hardware components
Boost your continuous learning journey with our personal learning budget!
Work whenever it fits best for you with flexible working hours
Receive a mobility budget to access various kinds of transportation whilst setting off your carbon emissions
If you are part of the paretos dog club, feel free to bring your furry friend to the office
We are continuously expanding our benefits as we grow to ensure an environment where our team members feel comfortable and happy to work at.

This is it from our side for now. What about you? Are you ambitious to disrupt the AI and Optimization world with us? Then send us your application!

Note: We encourage you to apply for this role, even if you don’t match all the requirements 100%. As long as you inherit the eagerness to learn, we are happy to be convinced that you are the right fit for us.
Diesen Job melden