(Senior) IT Consultant - Data Science (w/m/d) (Hamburg / Berlin)
CrossEngage GmbH
20095 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

About us




At CrossEngage, our international team of over 40 people works every day to help our clients grow their customer base into valuable relationships through our Customer Prediction Platform. We are developing a seamlessly integrated platform that plays to the strengths of first-party customer data and optimizes it through artificial intelligence and machine learning. With our Intelligent Audiences we aim to help ensure that the diversity of brands in the marketplace continues to exist in the era of the platform economy and to contribute to the sucess of our customers by value-based CRM.

CrossEngage was named to Gartner's 2018 list of "Cool Vendors in Multichannel Marketing" and since our founding in 2015, we have won clients such as Deutsche Bahn, Thalia, Porta, Scout24 and many others.


About the role

As a (Senior) IT Consultant - Data Science (m/f/d) you are an integral part of the Data Science Consulting Team. As a trustworthy partner, you will accompany our customers in the long term, support them in the optimal use of the CrossEngage software and thus create real added value.

First of all, get started: Get to know and understand our product, our customers and our market through our onboarding journey.

Analytics at its best: Combine your Data Science skills with the marketing world and enable our customers to achieve real added value with the help of value-based, long-term customer relationships.

Storytelling: Use data visualisation and model results to help clients without a data science background understand their data and get the most out of it

Data deep dive: Create deep data analyses using Python to gain insights into, for example, repurchase rates, purchase frequencies, preferred product categories or newsletter unsubscription rates.

Machine learning magic: Design, interpret and evaluate machine learning models together with our customers in our software.

Communication is key: In your daily work, exchange ideas intensively within the Data Science Consulting Team, with colleagues from Customer Success Management and Data Science Research and many other departments - that's how we all learn best!


About you

Do you feel that itch...

...if things are going just a bit too slow? We appreciate pioneers who find the right way to solve problems for the first time!

...to push forward when it is uncomfortable to do so ? Yeah! Connect with relevant stakeholders and make things happen for our customers!

... to improve your craft everyday? We never settle with the status quo!

...it takes too long to make real impact? We are a fast-paced and delivery-focused environment and love flexibility!

In a nutshell - we are looking for colleagues who want to continue shaping our respectful, inclusive and professional culture.




Is that you? Awesome! Keep on reading ;)




You are also keen on customer contact and are not put off by large amounts of data - they even make your heart beat faster. You already have deep experience in analysing data in the field of marketing/sales, you have previously worked in performance marketing or CRM and thus discovered your enthusiasm for data. What's even better:

You show an independent and responsible way of working, always focusing on a solution. On the other hand you love to support your team members in building up or deepening their Data Science skills.

You have the ability to build bridges between the marketing world and the analytics world with the help of good communication.

You are experienced in working with Python, R, SQL or Apache Spark or alternatively with data analysis tools (Tableau, Qlick, etc.).

You have min. 3 years of work experience in data science, data analytics or in a consulting role. Direct marketing/CRM experience is an advantage.

You speak German and English fluently (customer consulting is mostly done in German, English is the company language).


Why come and work with us?

Opportunity to play an active role in the transition phase from a start-up to a scale-up.

Work up to 90% remote, but feel free to come to our office as often as you like.

More time for whatever you want to do: take part in our current working rhythm, where the whole team gets an additional day off every second Friday (while keeping their full-time salary).

CrossEngage supports your personal and professional development according to your individual needs. Take part in company-wide trainings and additionally use your own learning budget of 1.000 € per year.

If you like to travel by bus or train - whatever you feel like -we subsidise your public transport ticket.

Stay fit and healthy with our sports club subsidy.

Regular team lunches and team events give you the opportunity to network with your colleagues outside of work if you feel like it.

Diesen Job melden