Technical Product Manager - Data Models for Healthcare Organizations
Veeva Systems
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.
At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We’re not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.
As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.
Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.
The Role
You will lead the development of healthcare organization data as a new platform capability across Veeva Link products. An innovative and universal data model for healthcare organizations globally will drive value for our Life Sciences customers by utilizing game-changing data and analytics. At Veeva Link, our vision is to ‘Build Connected Data Applications to improve Research and Patient Outcomes’. Your data will enable all products at Veeva Link, from Key People to Key Accounts and represent a core platform capability for Veeva as a whole. You will communicate with product managers, engineers, and data scientists. Therefore, you enjoy being social and analytical and the same time.
What You’ll Do

Design a global data model for healthcare organizations
Lead the development of healthcare organization data
Ensure data quality
Investigate product and customer needs
Learn and iterate with product managers, customers, and stakeholders in hospitals

Requirements

Great technical data modeling skills
Computer science background
Mental agility
Team first mentality

Nice to Have

Experience in data for healthcare organizations

#RemoteGermany

Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.

Diesen Job melden