Machine Learning Engineer
ComfNet Solutions GmbH
Hamburg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Job brief

ComfNet is looking for Machine Learning (ML) Engineers who are very passionate and help us in the designing artificial intelligence products.

Machine Learning Engineers must be involved in designing machine learning models and retraining systems. One should have outstanding skills in statistics and programming, deeper understanding of data science and software engineering.

Your Responsibilities will be:
Learn and transfigure data science prototypes.
Design machine learning systems.
Execute appropriate ML algorithms and tools after deep researching.
As per the requirements one should be able to design and develop machine learning applications.
One should be able to choose appropriate data representation methods and datasets.
Should Execute machine learning tests and experiments.
Conduct statistical analysis and accurate tuning with the help of the test results.
Whenever required you should train and retrain systems.
One should be aware of the frameworks and extend existing ML libraries.
What you should bring with:
Bachelor degree /Master degree Computer Science, Mathematics or similar field; Master’s degree is a plus.
Hands on experience as a Machine Learning Engineer or similar role.
Excellent knowledge of data structures, data modeling and software architecture.
Deeper knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms.
Should have knowledge in writing robust code in Python, Java and R
Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn)
Very Good communication in writing and speaking in English, German skills are an added advantage.
Ability to work in a team.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
What We offer:
An inspiring journey in the further outgrowth of our company along with great freedom to execute your ideas.
A learning and development focused environment with an emphasis on knowledge sharing, training and regular internal technical talks as well as personal caring together.
Flexible working hours.
An attractive salary, along with 30 days annual leave.
An attractive workplace at our office locations in Hamburg or Kiel, or client sites including the possibility to work remotely.
Job Location (s): (Remote possibility also)

Hamburg, Berlin, Munich, Frankfurt

Start Date:

Immediate

We know that diverse teams are strong teams, and therefore we are especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of ComfNet. We’re building teams of technically curious problem solvers.

Come and join us!

If we have aroused your interest, we look forward to receiving your application with necessary documents, including your salary expectations, to (info@comfnet.de).

If you have any questions, please contact us by phone: +49 40 30744921. We look forward to getting to know you.

Diesen Job melden