Director, Data Analytics - Quick Commerce (all genders)
Delivery Hero
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Be our next Hero! - Join the world’s leading local delivery platform.

We are looking for a Director, Data Analytics (all genders) to join the Quick Commerce Performance team on our journey to always deliver amazing experiences.

If you're a creative problem solver who is hungry for a new adventure, an international workplace is waiting for you in the heart of Berlin!

Your mission:

You will lead a team of talented analysts (including product analysts) and be responsible for their development and performance to support the fast growth of the Quick Commerce business

You will set the Data Analytics team vision and culture, inspiring and motivating the team to deliver to a high standard

You will lead by example in establishing the Data Analytics team as a core enabler to the quick commerce growth, partnering with stakeholders to define and creatively solve problems, and advance the analytical methods and tools used

You are accountable for the quality and timeliness of the Data Analytics team’s deliverables, including guiding the team in planning and prioritization, as well as providing technical leadership and support to the team

Working closely with stakeholders like Data Engineering, you will set and improve data governance, data quality and other processes

Your heroic skills:

10+ years relevant experience working in fast-paced and dynamic environments, of which at least 3 years in a leadership capacity

You have at least a Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative subject or in business administration with a proven track record in data - e.g. computer science, physics, mathematics, engineering

You have experience in managing complex environments with multiple stakeholders is a prerequisite, along with a strong ability to prioritize within such environments

You are highly passionate about data, with creative problem-solving abilities and an eye for detail

You have excellent communication and presentation skills including to senior management level

You are proficient in SQL incl. query optimization

Very good knowledge in at least one reporting tool (e.g. Tableau, QlikView, Looker, Microstrategy, Periscope)

You are experienced in working with big data and big data tools (e.g Redshift, BigQuery)

About us:

As the world’s leading local delivery platform, our mission is to deliver an amazing experience, fast, easy, and to your door. From prepared meals to groceries, flowers, coffee, medicine… we deliver whatever you need. We operate in over 72 countries across Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa and are also pioneering quick commerce, the next generation of e-commerce. As one of Europe’s largest tech platforms, we work with a global ecosystem of employees, riders, and partners, and are at the forefront of innovation.

As one of our Heroes, you’ll work in an international and dynamic environment, with other Heroes from every corner of the globe where you can grow and develop your career with the right support, every step of the way. We are building a company that future generations can be proud of and are committed to welcoming everyone to our table. Delivery Hero has a lot to offer when it comes to benefits: we want to empower our Heroes and that means caring about all aspects of their wellbeing, such as: career, community, social, physical and financial. Learn more about our benefits at Delivery Hero here.

At Delivery Hero, we believe diversity and inclusion are key to creating not only an exciting product, but also an amazing customer and employee experience. Fostering this starts with hiring - therefore we do not discriminate on the basis of racial identities, religious beliefs, color, national origin, gender identities or expressions, sexual orientations, age, marital or disability statuses, or any other aspect that makes you, you. Just be yourself and we can’t wait to see what value you bring to the role. We're as interested in your character as we are in your talent.

Have we sparked your interest? If you are looking for an environment where our company DNA is defined by our values and People Leader Principles, please apply and send us your CV using the online form. Please note, we do not accept applications via email.

Diesen Job melden