Data Scientist (all genders)
collect AI
20459 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
About the job:

EU work permit required

We are looking for an accomplished, motivated and self-driven Data Scientist (all genders) to advance our AI solutions.

You will be responsible for incubating data driven business ideas and drive them to resolution. You will follow agile and scrum development methods to manage all phases of the data product life cycle. Cultivating technical ideas to audiences of different disciplines with relish is a plus. As a member of our multi-cultural team, you will be working on innovative, highly scalable and exciting projects. Dedication to staying current with emerging technologies, applications, methodologies, utilizing existing knowledge and technical expertise to develop innovative solutions is a must.

Your tasks:

Improve and develop AI models using state-of-the-art techniques
Monitoring AI models and ensuring good performance and value creation
Develop an overall AI product strategy by working closely with the product team
Generating data driven business ideas and drive them to resolution

Your profile:

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or related field - you should bring a strong background in statistics and mathematics
Your already gained hands on experience in developing and productizing real-world AI / ML applications
Prior working experience in a software engineering environment is a plus
You are interested in working in a data science team for a dynamic and research-driven startup
You have solid experience in Python
Familiarity with SQL and relational databases
You have strong analytical and problem solving skills
Ability to work independently and in a team environment with strong interpersonal and communication skills
Your are fluent (written and spoken) in Englisch, German is a plus

What we offer:

You will become part of our international team of experienced technology and business experts.
A professionally challenging industry environment as well as active knowledge transfer and best practice exchange within the team.
A value driven company mindset, with self-organizing agile teams
We have a modern office directly in the city centre
Home-Office and mobile work
Corporate benefits and shopping discounts
Urban Sports Membership (M or L)
Monthly public transport ticket
Lunch refund, also during Home-Office
Regular company meetups

Does that sound just like you?

We are looking forward to your application!
Your contact person is Mirko Schuh, our Head of Data.

About us

collect.AI is the next-generation Order-2-Cash platform for the AI era and the autopilot for streamline Order-2-Cash goals. The SaaS platform is designed to revolutionize the way European enterprises liquify their assets. Our cutting-edge AI-driven technology streamlines cash-flow optimization end-to-end, ensuring a world where all receivables are reliably transformed into liquidity. With collect.AI European enterprises liquify receivables smarter, faster & better.
collect.AI.

Join the future of smart, fast, and efficient liquidity management, join the collect.AI team and experience unprecedented personal growth.

Diesen Job melden