Working Student - Software Development (m/w/d)
perto GmbH
10407 Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Schnellbewerbung
Are you an ambitious and talented individual with a passion for full-stack software development? Are you eager to gain practical experience in software development and also interested in getting hands into hardware to develop an IoT platform at the energy efficiency service provider perto? Have you always wanted to create your “brand” at an exciting start-up in Berlin? Apply to us now!

For a new energy efficiency concept “pertoIOTA” developed by us, we are planning to expand and reinforce in the field of EaaS(Efficiency as a Service). In the concept, HVAC and lighting systems are equipped with intelligent measuring technology and can be connected to an IoT platform. This enables us to digitize the distribution and consumption of energy in buildings, which ultimately leads to energy savings and optimization. The project is partially funded by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Energy.

Tasks


Develop “perto IOTA” from the front to the back end, from buttons to database queries using AngularJS, Laravel & MySQL
Integrate utilities of HVAC & lighting systems by coordinating with engineers of respective systems
Data analysis, visualization & automation of utilities to optimize energy consumption
Support the development of the company website
Requirements


Currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field
Proficiency in at least one modern front-end framework (AngularJS, React, Vue.js or similar)
Familiarity with back-end development concepts and experience with frameworks (Laravel or similar MVC frameworks)
Enthusiasm for developing an IoT platform & interest in machine learning
You are familiar with Git, Docker & AWS
You can work independently in a goal- and service-oriented manner
You are reliable and have strong communication skills
Benefits


Freedom of action and design with short decision-making paths and flat hierarchies.
A steep learning curve in a fast-growing, young company in a rapidly changing industry.
Inspiring start-up life in the PropTech sector in Berlin.
A pleasant working atmosphere in a motivated, international team in the heart of Berlin Prenzlauer Berg
About perto
perto is an energy efficiency service provider from Berlin. We help people save energy and money by bringing building utilities online. We offer an IoT platform that avails users to monitor, control & optimize energy consumption. Our main customers are property management companies as well as energy supply companies. As a young and fast-growing company, we are constantly expanding our product portfolio.

Interested? Great! Send in your application explaining your motivation and indicating your earliest possible start date.
Diesen Job melden