Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Aon Human Capital Solutions GmbH
20355 Hamburg
Schnellbewerbung

Aon stands for shaping decisions for the better - to protect and enrich the lives of people around the world.

With 50,000 employees worldwide, Aon, a leading global consulting and services company, provides comprehensive solutions and services on risk, retirement, compensation, employee selection/development and employee health. In-depth expertise on risks, opportunities and potential is the foundation of our work. Aon takes a holistic view of risks and works closely with clients to develop individual solutions.

As part of Aon, Human Capital Solutions offers a powerful mix of data, analysis and consulting. With this holistic approach, Human Capital Solutions helps companies find the best possible ways to attract, retain and retain employees. As a result, our customers can minimize HR risk, make better HR decisions, and future-proof themselves with a resilient workforce.

For our beautiful office in Hamburg we are looking for as soon as possible a

Software Engineer (m/f/d)

Have you ever thought about shaping the quality standards for recruiting, assessment, and leadership development? What does that mean? To put it simply: people need jobs. Companies need employees. When someone finds just the right job, at just the right time - it can feel amazing. This leads to happy employees, reduces all types of workplace discrimination, and lets someone spend their workday doing something potentially awesome.

As a Software Engineer, you will be part of our international development team and contribute to our worldwide platform. You permanently extend and improve the platform while growing yourself within the team.

Core activities:
You implement secure solutions to ever changing requirements in customer requests either as new features being added to the system or existing features being adjusted.
You create technical concepts for requirements prior to realizing them
You test your code even before you have created it
You check on colleagues and help to improve together
Show your results to others and learn as a team
You care about issues being reported and find yourself problems within the existing environments and come up with future prove solutions
You take an active part in our agile ceremonies and help to continuously improve our processes
Skills and Qualifications:
You have a Bachelor or Master degree (e.g. in IT, Computer Science etc.) or a vocational training in the field of IT or development engineering or a significant amount of experience working in IT
Multiple years of experience as software developer / software engineer in business environments
Your English is fluent (intermediate German would be an advantage, but is not requited)
You are tech-savvy - modern technologies and you have solid experience with Programming: C# and JavaScript
Frameworks as .net framework or .net core are familiar with you and additionally you may have some experience in react or angluar
You have experience with project management tools like Asana, Jira or Microsoft Azure DevOps
You are not afraid of taking responsibilities
An interest in finding new challenges and improve existing solutions
Ideas on supporting and helping colleagues to improve and grow
What we offer:

Our company emphasizes pioneer thinking, client- centricity, career progression, and personal and professional integrity. This includes having…

a stimulating work environment
flat hierarchies and an open, internationally minded team
a supportive and responsive team culture
opportunities to learn in a dynamic, fast paced working environment

Come and join our fabulous team as we continue to build our reputation for excellence.

Aon Human Capital Solutions GmbH
Reference: 09330

Diesen Job melden