Machine Learning Technology Manager (d/f/m)
Airbus
Finkenwerder
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Job Description:

In order to support an innovative team within the IT department, Airbus Aerostructures is looking for a

Machine Learning Technology Manager (d/f/m)

Our passion is innovation and digital technology and we discuss, analyze, and implement ground breaking solutions to data problems of scale in the aerospace production industry.

For this, we are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Machine Learning Technology Manager to lead and manage our machine learning projects and initiatives. You will join a dynamic innovative team in a problem-solving environment and drive strategic ML-related projects across the company.

This role is also available with reduced weekly hours and an adapted scope of tasks.

Your location

You will be working at the largest production site for civil aircraft situated in Hamburg. Its location on the southern banks of the river Elbe includes the option to commute by ferry. Experience the special flair of Hamburg in your spare time where vibrant cosmopolitan culture meets nautic legacy.

Your benefits

Attractive salary and special payments

30 days holidays and extra days off for special occasions

Excellent upskilling opportunities and great international, group wide development prospects

Benefits: employer-funded pension, employee stock options, discounted car leasing, special conditions for insurances, transportation subsidy, employee benefits at cooperating companies

On-site-facilities: kindergarten close to the site, medical officer for check-ups and other health-related services, canteen and cafeteria

Compatibility of family & work (job sharing, part-time models, flexible working hours, individual timeout)

Working in a diverse environment, with more than 140 nationalities, where every voice is heard

Your tasks and responsibilities

You are responsible for aligning business strategy with machine learning opportunities, ideas and projects (including budgets) in order to improve efficiency, quality, and value generation.

You communicate the strategy and project progress to stakeholders including senior management and the Board of Management.

You will lead and manage machine learning projects and initiatives from ideation, conception to completion with cross-functional teams and ensure that ML-applications are integrated into existing processes and IT-systems.

You develop and maintain relationships with internal and external partners and customers to identify and implement new machine learning technologies and applications. You will provide technical leadership and guidance to teams and colleagues.

You keep yourself up-to-date with the latest machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies, trends, and best practices.

You ensure compliance with data privacy and security regulations and ethical standards in the development and deployment of machine learning applications.

Desired skills and qualifications

Master's degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, MBA or a related field.

5+ years of experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence or data analytics.

3+ years of experience in project management, with a proven track record of delivering successful projects.

Experience with AWS cloud services.

Strong understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as deep learning, natural language processing and computer vision.

Excellent leadership abilities and experience proven by leading machine learning specialists orlarger-scaled projects.

Experience in negotiation and prioritization of business opportunities and several years of experience in business assessments for digitalization and data analytics.

Clear communication and ability to inspire, challenge and improve people and teams, especially with stakeholders who typically try to challenge new innovative ideas.

Expertise and skills to solve collaboration and communication problems and the motivation to take ownership of the work, ideas and innovations.

Fluency in English, German would be a plus.

Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth with customized development solutions.

Take your career to a new level and apply now!

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company:

Airbus Aerostructures GmbH

Contract Type:

Permanent

-

Experience Level:

Professional

Job Family:

Information Mgmt and Digital Technology <JF-IM-DI>

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com .

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.

Diesen Job melden