(Senior) Developer Artificial Intelligence & Data Science for Supply Chains (f/m/d)
Camelot ITLab GmbH
Mannheim
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Camelot Innovative Technologies Lab is the leading SAP consultancy for Data Management and Analytics in digital value chain management. With more than 25 years of experience we lead our customers in their digital transformation. Our capabilities range from strategic dialogue around current challenges in the digital world to implementation and support of innovative solutions.





(Senior) Developer Artificial Intelligence & Data Science for Supply Chains (f/m/d)


What's your impact?



You will develop concepts and drive Data Science projects as Consultant and Developer in the Supply Chain context
Designing and developing machine learning techniques (Python or R), which are integrated into business applications, complement your tasks
You actively support the development of innovative topics and connectivity of AI services and platforms like Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP) or Microsoft Azure
Depending on your experience, you will act as a stream lead
Locations: Mannheim, Cologne, Munich, Hamburg or remote



How do you stand out?




You have several years of experience in Data Science within the context of Supply Chain Management
Ideally, you have knowledge of SAP Solutions
Knowledge of the programming languages R or Python in the field of Data Analytics / Machine Learning complement your skills
Developing innovative topics excites you
You enjoy working in a team and being in contact with clients
You have excellent communication and presentation skills in English and very good German skills



Ready to join? Felix Jungnick is your Camelot contact: +49 621 86298 789

What do we believe in?


Triggering innovation by collaboration – this is our mission. Consultancy is people business and knowledge is key. That is why we value our employees as much as our clients. Together, we develop skills mutually matching our visions and ideas by constantly learning, growing and innovating. Camelots take on responsibility from the moment they join us. Entrepreneurial attitude is as important to us as strong teamwork, knowledge sharing and corporate social responsibility.




Your Camelot benefits include our company-wide flex office concept (you work flexibly from home, at customer's site or use the infrastructure of one of our Camelot offices), active career and development, mentoring programs, support for sabbaticals and annual social sabbaticals, active shaping of and participation in our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, company pension scheme and asset-building scheme, company events, various changing corporate benefits, company car and/or company bicycle, and much more.



Your Benefits

A peek into your benefits

Free Brainfood
Personal Innovation Days
Mentoring
Corporate Events
Diesen Job melden