Student assistant (m/f/d) for processing GNSS data
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Efringen-Kirchen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

The Fraunhofer Institute for High-Speed Dynamics, Ernst-Mach-Institute, EMI, with its 300 employees offers challenging, diverse tasks with responsibility and a lot of creative freedom to dedicated people. On behalf of our customers from various areas of industry and government, we apply the latest findings from science and research to concrete projects in an interdisciplinary manner. Our fields of application are defense, safety and security, space, automotive and aviation.




The Fraunhofer Institute for High-Speed Dynamics, Ernst-Mach-Institut, EMI has a vacancy in Efringen-Kirchen for a student assistant position (m/f/d) for the processing of "Global Navigation Satellite Systems" (GNSS) chips in the department of Measurement and Sensor Technology.




What you will do

The department uses global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) for positioning and time referencing. We process and correct the acquired data by different means.




Your tasks:
Support the project team implementing new server-based post processing methods.




What you bring to the table

Degree in computer science, physics, mathematics or other engineering sciences or related STEM disciplines
Programming skills (ideally in Java/ Kotlin)
Expertise with RINEX file format is beneficial, but not mandatory
Independent work, initiative and self-motivation
Ability to work in a team
German or English language skills (German language skills are not mandatory)



What you can expect

Flexible working hours with the possibility of working from home (hardware provided)
Regular project meetings at the Efringen-Kirchen site to exchange experiences.
We are a modern, innovative research centre with a wide range of topics, a high level of practical experience and plenty of scope for your creativity and initiative.
You will work on research projects and benefit from our experience in project work with customers and partners from industry and public authorities.
We offer you an absolutely top working environment with excellent IT infrastructure, an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers and a very good working atmosphere.
Further work on the topic within the framework of an internship, bachelor's or master's thesis is possible.



We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.




Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!


For subject-specific information please contact:
Dr. Thierry Fredrich
Thierry.fredrich@emi.fraunhofer.de


Fraunhofer Institute for High-Speed Dynamics, Ernst-Mach-Institut EMI




Requisition Number: 65944

Diesen Job melden