Software QA Engineer (m/f/x) in Berlin
ITONICS GmbH
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
Your Contribution
As a QA Engineer at ITONICS, you will be responsible for maintaining well defined test cases, implementing test automation scripts and supporting with manual verification on our brand new features. You will be interacting with developers, product owners and other stakeholders to ensure our software solution meets it's quality standards and expected behaviour. You will be part of initiatives to continuously improve our test automation and share your knowledge as you explore additional fields of testing with your team. Understanding the business context and purpose and contributing manual testing effort to brand new features enables you to take decisions aligned with longer-term needs. You are an expert at identifying the right solutions to ambiguous, open-ended problems and bring a pragmatic mindset and an incredible eye for detail.
Your Day-to-Day Tasks
#TASKS
Research, establish and advocate best practices to encourage well-documented and reproducible testing results
Take ownership of features and tickets and participate in the decision-making process
Manage and prioritize bug reports or bug tickets, always keeping their business value in mind
Coordinate testing efforts with the team to ensure the delivery of quality features
Actively participate in the software development cycle in an agile and cross-functional team
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using Cypress
Perform regression and exploratory testing of existing and new product features
Create and execute effective test cases based upon functional and design specifications

#SCRUM

You take part in our sprints and daily scrums during the sprint to support the team's progress.

You communicate your progress with the rest of the team and unblock the developers closest to you with your feedback.

You contribute to achieving your team's sprint goal.

#CONTINUOUSDEVELOPMENT

You love learning and are constantly reading about the latest developments in test automation, programming and technology in general.

You can quickly pick up and learn new technologies and tools if necessary.

#OWNERSHIP

You take pride in your work and the initiatives you own - if something can be improved, you are already on it.

Your Skills & Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or comparable experience
You are a team player, who interacts with product managers and engineers to drive projects to on-time, quality releases
You are experienced in manual testing (explorative and destructive) as well as automated testing (e.g. with Cypress, Selenium)
Solid knowledge of test documentation and practical experience with test management tools (e.g. TestRail, TestLink)
You’ve got an eye for detail and find it challenging to discover corner-cases
You are passionate about high-quality and performant cloud solutions
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English
Nice to have: Experience with performance testing (e.g. K6, JMeter)
Nice to have: Experience with API testing (e.g. Postman)
Nice to have: Experience working with programming languages (e.g. JavaScript)
Why us?
Our complex software solutions in the area of innovation management appeal to senior management in medium-sized and large companies. In order to always deliver quality to our customers, we are looking for an ambitious and committed employee in Software Quality Management.

What we offer
We offer challenging and varied tasks in an innovative and growing company with flat hierarchies, fast decision-making, and cutting-edge technologies. We provide you with attractive opportunities for your personal development and a lot of space for your ideas and input. You will be part of a highly motivated team in an agile software company that fosters active communication and knowledge sharing. Moreover, you will quickly assume responsibility and grow and develop along with your tasks.

As an engineer for quality assurance, you will gain insight into and contribute to all stages of the software development process. From coming up with novel concepts, researching and establishing new technologies, processes and tools, specifications, and documentation to gathering and providing feedback from and to different stakeholders. You will be working closely with our product management team and developers.

At a glance


Great compensation and bonus scheme

Unique opportunity to work with the most desired and innovative companies on the globe

Juicy benefits like workation, (mental) health support, development budget, offsite events, and much more

A hybrid working model with flexible working hours

Invest in your personal growth (clear, transparent, unique career opportunities, mentorships, etc.)

Equipment of your choice & state of the art tech stack

Multicultural, diverse group of brilliant minds working to empower everybody to innovate



About us

ITONICS is a leading SaaS provider of systematic innovation management: The World's leading Innovation OS.

Our data-driven innovation software platform helps organizations around the globe to identify emerging technologies, trends, and market potentials and translate them into powerful growth strategies.

With more than 150 experts worldwide, we support innovation leaders such as adidas, AUDI, BMW, CISCO, Intel, Johnson & Johnson, and KPMG.

Diesen Job melden