Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Working Student (m/f/d) Data Analyst |Dresden
Solactive AG
Dresden
Praktikum
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum
Schichten und Arbeitszeiten
Abendschicht
Company Description

Solactive AG is a FinTech company operating globally and growing at a fast pace, headquartered in Frankfurt. Since 2007, we develop tailor-made and multi-asset class index solutions for ETFs and other index-linked investment products for the leading global investment banks and asset managers as our clients. Flexibility, efficiency and providing the highest quality are at the heart and soul of our business philosophy. We are now hiring!

Job Overview

Solactive is a data-centric company: all of the company's products are built by enriching data. Data availability and quality is therefore of paramount importance for the success of Solactive! The Data Engineering Team provides the data that forms the basis of all Solactive products: this is data obtained from data vendors as well as data created at Solactive. When implementing our projects, we rely on the most modern concepts and architectures (decentralized, cloud-based data architectures following the principles and guidelines described in the data mesh approach). As a member of the Data Engineering team, you will help design, implement and operate new data products in close collaboration with our business units. You will create high-performance data processing solutions that scale using emerging technologies and approaches and help us define new best practices.

Your Tasks


Automate data quality assessments on financial datasets
Identify and interpret patterns over financial data using programming language(s)
Prepare analysis reports for the stakeholders enabling them to take important decisions
Help to define data manipulation processes
Your Profile


Enrolled student in the field of Computer Science, Statistics, or adequate
Experienced with Python
Skilled on data exploration using SQL and/or Python
Innovative mindset and hands-on approach
Self-confidence and team-spirit
Good communication skills
Our Offer


Be part of the Solactive family, a motivated team with an international setting
Get to know the dynamics of an established, successful FinTech company
Experience a modern start-up culture with a flat hierarchy
Seize the opportunity to develop personally and take over responsibility
Receive numerous benefits (fitness studio, awesome staff parties, dart-contests in our social room, soccer evenings on the big screen, after-work chill-out with barbecue among others)
Interested? Don’t miss your chance and directly apply online by clicking the “Apply now” button on our website and filling in the application form. Please make sure to also upload your CV including your desired start and duration of the internship, a cover letter is not compulsory. Your contact person is Timothy Donovan ( ) or +49 (0) 69 719 160-261. We are looking forward to hearing from you!

For further information, please visit:
To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited CVs/Candidate Profiles. Please do not forward any CVs/Candidate Profiles to any Solactive employee in any location. Any requests for cooperation have to be addressed directly to HR. Any costs associated with unsolicited CVs/Candidate Profiles are not being covered by Solactive.
Diesen Job melden