GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION SYSTEMS OFFICER AND DEVELOPER
Bödeker landscape architects
14797 Lehnin
Vollzeit, Freie Mitarbeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Freie Mitarbeit
Are you interested in challenging projects?
Are you looking for new challenges?
Do you like being part of a multidisciplinary team?

Bödeker Partners Landscape Architects is one of the leading planning offices for landscape design in the Middle East and specialises in public development projects.

A multicultural and disciplinary work environment
Full-time position for the initial project duration
Generous and flexible vacation
Generous payment to compensate for working overseas
Onboarding support for living arrangements (accommodation and car rental) and social events
Flexibility in the timing of assignments in Riyadh to suit your circumstances

For our increasing demand for spatial analysis and mapping, we are looking for freelancers with several years of professional experience to assist our design and planning teams in Riyadh and abroad. This diverse and exciting position will see you involved in the following:

Data collection, review and management
Proof of concept and method development
Remote sensing and spatial data science and analysis
Analytical mapping and cartography
Reporting and visualisations
GIS database development

Qualification

Bachelor’s Degree in science, planning, GIS, data science or similar
Professional certificates in spatial planning, GIS, data science, project management or relevant

Knowledge

Advanced experience in working with GIS to analyse and map data
Experience in relevant programming languages (e.g. python, R, javascript)
Self-motivated and able to work autonomously and in a team
High proficiency in English and other languages is a plus
Three years of work experience in a relevant role, preferably in an urban or environmental planning context

Conditions

Flexible commitments based on a freelance/contracting basis
Availability to relocate to Riyadh
Attractive remuneration including living allowance (flight and rental car)

Have we piqued your interest?

Please send an application in English, with a meaningful CV and a work sample, by e-mail to:

jobs@bp-la.com

BPLA is an equal-opportunity employer, and we want everyone to be able to participate fully in our recruitment process. We value a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture. Therefore, we encourage applications from people of all identities.




Diesen Job melden