Internship / Bachelor Thesis in the field of Computer Science (m/f/d)
AOE GmbH
Wiesbaden
Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum

You want to complete your internship in one of our Scrum teams and gain experience in the field of agile web development? Afterwards, we will be happy to suggest possible topics for your bachelor thesis from our extensive experience and support you throughout your entire thesis. Your internship and the bachelor thesis are compensated and after completion of your studies there are excellent chances of being hired for a permanent position at AOE. If you decide to do a master's degree, we can talk about a working student position.

Your job
During your internship you will be fully integrated into your team. Your mentor will take care of a comprehensive onboarding.
You will support your team colleagues in the development of web applications and thus further expand your knowledge and practical experience. Experience has shown that you will be prepared to be completely involved in the sprints and gain a sense of achievement after a relatively short period of time.
Depending on your previous knowledge and preferences, you will work either with a focus on frontend or backend development or a combination of both.
What you bring along
Advanced studies in computer science or similar
Experience in object-oriented programming and high quality standards
Knowledge in at least one of the following programming languages: Java, Go, Kotlin, JavaScript (React, Vue), TypeScript
Data base knowledge (e.g. MySQL) and cloud infrastructure know-how (e.g. AWS, Kubernetes) would be a plus
High quality standards
Fluent German and good English language skills
What we offer
Your life, your plan: Flexible and self-organized work in an agile corporate culture without hierarchical levels. Remote or in the office.
Relaxed, customizable work environment with state-of-the-art hardware and software
Not without my team: summer party, team events, after work, sports activities such as yoga, soccer, volleyball
Coolest office in Wiesbaden: Right in the city center, free parking, Thai massage, own chef, play area (foosball, table tennis, billiards,) fruit, snacks, drinks

We, AOE Group, 250 passionate digital thinkers headquartered in Wiesbaden, Germany, support our customers in the strategy and implementation of digital business models - from local start-up projects to sophisticated globally deployed solutions. As a leading agile software group, we have a real impact on making the world easier through software use. With a hyper modern tech stack, we work at eye-level in agile, non-hierarchical team structures and are always striving to find innovative solutions to complex problems. In doing so, we believe in open source and the "best of breed" approach. Our cool and collaborative team spirit allows us the perfect work environment to grow, laugh, learn and develop - each individually and as a community. Remote or in the office - your life, your plan. Where, when and what you work with is up to you - exactly what makes sense for you, your team and your client.

Diesen Job melden