Business Analyst (m/w/d) Dealer Integration
AGCO
Marktoberdorf
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

For our Digital Products team at the Bavarian location Marktoberdorf we are looking for a




Business Analyst, Dealer Integration (m/f/d)

87558


At the AGCO Digital Center, join us to revolutionize agriculture and help feed the world sustainably. In exchange with our customers and partners, we master the digital transformation in agriculture with a holistic approach. With us, you have a direct impact on the next generation of smart farming solutions. Look forward to exciting, innovative technologies and an agile setup with interfaces to all AGCO brands and various business areas. As a global team from six countries, you will work with dedicated colleagues on the future of agriculture.


The IT Business Analyst – Dealer Integrations is an integral part of the Global Dealer Integrations product team. The IT Business Analyst works in the team to enable Dealer Management Systems (DMS) or Dealer ERP systems to share data with ACGO’s Digital Products and IT Platforms


What you can expect


Collaboration with the Global Dealer Integration Team, The Digital Transformation Office (DTO), and AGCO Business Teams to own and manage integrations of DMS / Dealer ERP systems to AGCO systems – particularly focusing on Large Dealer Groups & Distributors of AGCO products
Definition of integration points with other systems and communication of the impact of possible system changes in collaboration with other teams
Supporting global development teams in clarifying requirements
Support in the preparation of cost estimates for new developments and improvements
Preparation and elaboration of user stories and features within an Agile methodology
Methodological support in brainstorming with product owners and subject matter experts
Determination, documentation, testing and coordination, and management of requirements
Knowledge transfer for new and changed functions for the change management process


What you bring with you


Bachelor's/Master's degree in computer science, IT, engineering or equivalent education
Several years of professional experience (at least 7 years)
Relevant experience in software development / integration
Analytical, comprehensive thinking
Strong communication skills in written and spoken German
Strong communication skills in written and spoken English
Independent and solution-oriented behavior
Strong analytical, holistic, strategic and conceptual thinking
Successfully influencing different groups and teams in a complex environment


This gives you additional points


Knowledge of agile methods (e.g. SAFe) is an advantage
Excellent communication skills and teamwork skills, as well as the ability to interact with IT departments and management on multiple levels
Experience in the areas of requirements development, testing and production support is desirable
Knowledge of EDI / API technologies and standards preferred
Knowledge of Dealer Management Systems preferred
Knowledge of ERP / CRM Systems (Microsoft Dynamics 365, Salesforce, etc)


As a subsidiary of an international group, we offer you appropriate perspectives and personal and professional development opportunities. Have we aroused your interest? Then apply for this position with your detailed application documents, including salary expectations.


The AGCO Corporation

AGCO is a major worldwide manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment. AGCO offers a full product line including tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment and implements through more than 3,000 independent dealers and distributors in over 140 countries.

Diesen Job melden