Study Manager
P95
Homeoffice
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
About P95
P95 finds, collects, analyses and reports epidemiological data to assist public health agencies, research organizations and pharmaceutical companies in improving peoples´ access to safe and effective vaccines.
Our vision is to be the world’s favourite global partner in the field of epidemiological research and pharmacovigilance, in support of vaccine development and use. We are continuously looking for nice, enthusiastic, and smart people.
P95 offers a broad range of services in Epidemiology, Pharmacovigilance, Data Analytics, IT services, Medical Writing and Training.
Job purpose
As a Study Manager, you will work across project teams and support P95 in ensuring that projects (eg. observational studies) are delivered as expected regarding scope, quality, timeline and budget. You will play a key role in project teams and interfaces with both internal colleagues and external collaborators to fulfil your responsibilities.
Responsibilities
Lead the study start-up process including project kick-off meetings and the set-up of a suitable system for all required study documentation
Chair all project progress meetings, ensuring meeting minutes are completed and distributed to all team members
Act as the focal point of contact for the client and all study partners
Participate in and organize study investigator meetings and study site visits as required
Identify risks and problems and develop effective ways to solve them as a team, escalating where necessary
Drive effective cross-functional teamwork among the project team members
Develop a project-specific project management plan in collaboration with the project team members
Measure and monitor project performance using appropriate systems, tools and techniques
Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation as required by the client and regulations, as applicable
Provide project progress reports to the client, at the agreed frequency
Oversee and manage study feasibility and study site monitoring performance
Develop and maintain optimal study site relationships with the key investigator sites and alliance partners
Experience - the ideal candidate will have
Have a university degree, preferably in science/life sciences
Have a good understanding of health research projects
Have a minimum of 2 years of experience in study management of multi-country health research projects, ideally within an international context
Have project management qualifications (certification is an asset)
Are proficient in MS Office
Have experience in coordinating remote teams
Experience - you must also have these skills
You are fluent in written and spoken professional English
You have the ability to think analytically with excellent communication skills
You are inquisitive and wanting to contribute to the development of an innovative company
You can work independently (and remotely) and yet be a team player
You have a flexible approach to work
You are a self-starter, well organized and with attention to detail while keeping a “getting the job done” mentality
You are focused on delivering high-quality results on time
You are sensitive to cross-cultural differences
You are available to travel internationally up to 10% of the time
Why us?
You will join a young, very dynamic, and fast-growing private research organization. Our passionate, truly multicultural, and diverse team of more than 115 colleagues and nearly 40 nationalities include epidemiologists, data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, medical writers, safety and pharmacovigilance specialists, project managers and business support professionals spreading over 20 countries.

We all work remotely, setting our own time schedule, based on a “getting the job done” mentality. This has a positive impact in our work-life balance. Our headquarters are in Leuven (Belgium), but we also have local and regional offices located in Rotterdam (the Netherlands), Bogota (Colombia) and Bangkok (Thailand). You may need to travel occasionally to one of our offices or to our clients’ offices.

At P95, we are a collaborative and international team that works on diverse projects, topics, and clients and faces interesting challenges. There is a high level of empowerment, flexibility, autonomy as well as opportunities for research and development, to make things happen. We have an open culture of respect and inclusion. Consequently, we value self-reliance, initiative, and responsibility of everyone in our team to meet our internal and external customers’ expectations. Finally, our colleagues experience a strong sense of meaning and purpose driven by the scientific nature and impact of our work.
Do you want to join us?
Visit our website www.p-95.com to learn more about who we are and what we do. If you are the one for this job, send your application by filling out the following short form. The call will remain open until the position is filled.
About us

P95 delivers cutting-edge expertise in clinical and epidemiological research. We are passionate about healthcare and help our customers with innovative medical research. We share a sense of urgency with our customers to deliver timely, pragmatic and useful insights to improve healthcare.


Our clients are the pharmaceutical industry, public health institutes, academic institutions, WHO, the European Commission and other governmental organizations and Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs). Our projects focus mainly on infectious diseases, particularly on vaccines.

Diesen Job melden