PhD Student (f/m/x)
Universität zu Köln
Köln
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

The Biological Psychology group (Head: Professor Dr Jan
Peters) at the Psychology Department works on the neuro-
computational mechanisms of learning and decision-making.

YOUR TASKS

» Pursue a PhD project in the area
of cognitive neuroscience

» Support of ongoing research projects of the group
» Completion of scientific publications
» Presentation of results at conferences
» Contribution to teaching (2 Semester hours per week)

YOUR PROFILE

» University degree (Msc) in Psychology,
Cognitive Science or Neuroscience

» Excellent methodological skills (statistics, programming,
and/or experience with physiological data)

» Organizational skills and ability to work in a team
» Interest in research questions in the areas of

cognitive and/or clinical decision neuroscience

WE OFFER

» Join a highly motivated team
» A diverse working environment with equal opportunities
» Support in balancing work and family life
» Extensive advanced training opportunities
» Occupational health management offers
» Flexible working time models
» Opportunity to work remotely

The University of Cologne is committed to equal opportuni-
ties and diversity. Women are especially encouraged to apply
and will be considered preferentially in accordance with the
Gender Equality Act of the State of North Rhine-Westphalia
(LGG NRW). We also expressly welcome people with disabili-
ties/special needs or of equal status.

The position is available from 01.09.2023 on a part-time
basis (25,89 hours per week/65%). It is initially limited
until 31.08.2025. If the applicant meets the relevant wage
requirements and personal qualifications, the salary is
based on remuneration group 13 TV-L of the pay scale for
the German public sector.

Please apply online with proof of the required qualifications
without a photo under: https://jobportal.uni-koeln.de. The
reference number is Wiss2306-04. The application deadline
is 22.06.2023.
For further inquiries, please contact Professor Dr Jan Peters
(jan.peters@uni-koeln.de).

PhD Student (f/m/x)

Professorship for Biological Psychology

We are one of the largest and oldest universities in Europe and one of the most important employers in our region.
Our broad range of subjects, the dynamic development of our main research areas and our central location in Cologne
make us attractive for students and researchers from around the world. We offer a wide range of career opportunities
in science, technology, and administration.

Faculty of Human Sciences

Diesen Job melden