Python Developer (m/f/d)
u:fynd
Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Your tasks and responsibilities

In your position, you will be the bridge between the Software Engineering and Data Science team. In addition, you will...

build high-performance, language-agnostic RPC systems
develop, implement, and maintain high-performing APIs
be responsible for web development with Python
support the team with data visualization
work closely with other teams to provide solutions that help the company to accomplish its targets

What we offer

You will soon see that we do everything that we can to make each of our teams feel comfortable, welcome, and appreciated. We would like to offer you...

responsibility, space for creativity, and a long-term perspective in an up-and-coming company.

opportunities for personal and professional development.

competitive pay.

an Urban Sports membership.

30 days of paid annual leave.

working in a young and motivated team with flat hierarchies.

the ability to work independently with lots of space for your personal ideas.

modern and well-located offices.

a great choice of cold drinks, juices, and a variety of snacks.

a professional Barista coffee machine and various kinds of teas with everything that you need in order to start your day right.

an exciting environment as a part of a startup incubator.

reimbursement of your daily travel expenses and much more.


Your skillset

You are a perfect match if you...




have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer or data engineering, business informatics or similar

gained at least 3 years of relevant work experience

have strong knowledge of Python with a focus on web development

posses proficiency in data visualization using Plotly (preferred) or alternative libraries

got experience in building high-performance, language-agnostic RPC systems using gRPC (preferred) or similar frameworks

are familiar with building web APIs using Python frameworks such as FastAPI (preferred), Flask, Django, Pyramid, Tornado, Hug, or Sanic

got hands-on experience in developing data-driven web applications using Streamlit (preferred) or similar frameworks

posses knowledge of testing frameworks like Pytest (preferred), unit test, doctest, or nose

have experience with documentation generation tools such as MkDocs (preferred), Sphinx, Docsify, or Docusaurus

are proficient in Object-Relational Mapping libraries, particularly SQLAlchemy (preferred), Peewee, Django ORM, etc.

have work with with message broker systems like RabbitMQ (preferred), Kafka, and Azure Service Bus

understand monitoring, analyzing, and visualizing logs and metrics data using Grafana

are fluent in English (German is a plus)

Diesen Job melden