Data Science Internship in Portfolio Management Central Europe (m/f/d)
Statkraft
Düsseldorf
Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum

Data Science Internship in Portfolio Management Central Europe (m/f/d)

Intern
Company Description

Statkraft is Europe’s largest generator of renewable energy. As a major player in the energy wholesale market, we are developing green power solutions for renewable energy producers and companies from trade and industry. We support our customers on the way to a 100% renewable electricity supply. For us the ideas of our more than 450 committed and ambitious colleagues make the difference. Share our passion for renewable energy and be a part of tomorrow’s energy world.

The Central European Origination team concludes non-standard, structured and often complex transactions in wholesale energy markets as well as market access services. Therefore, it cooperates closely with Statkraft’s trading desks and the other regional Origination teams to offer pan-European tailored energy solutions. The responsibilities within the team are divided among Origination, Market Access and Portfolio Management.

Job Description

As Portfolio Management we are responsible for the management of Germany’s largest market access portfolio, a growing portfolio of PPAs as well as for the valuation and pricing of all relevant non-standard products.

Play a pivotal role in data analysis for pricing of standard market access contracts
Support analysts and portfolio managers in pricing of non-standard contracts
Perform quantitative analysis on markets, portfolios and pricing methodologies
Develop and maintain tools within Statkraft’s scripting environment
Connect, operationalise and pre-process new data sources
Create dashboards, reports and visualization tools
Manage own small data science projects
Closely cooperate with portfolio managers, originators and key account managers
Qualifications
Student of engineering, science, economics, finance or computer science
Strong analytical and numerical skills
Experience in data science, statistics and econometrics
Programming experience (preferably Python)
Commercial mind-set with good communicative skills
Proactive and independent way of working
Attention to detail
Fluent in English, fluent German is an advantage
Additional Information

What we offer

A career with Statkraft is a career filled with purpose – meaning that every employee is not just making a living, they are making a real difference to the planet, our communities and the future. Together, we work on the front lines of changing the game for renewable energy. From hydrogen development to algorithmic trading and everything in between. We have 125 years of unrivalled expertise in creating the technologies that put ecosystems, communities and our environment first. With us, you’ll shape a career that is truly forward-facing with many amazing opportunities and offerings to match. This includes:

Unlimited learning opportunities at various levels of the organisation including Linkedin Learning and inspiring leaderships program like IMD
The chance to grow your career alongside a truly global network of experts, leaders, specialists and graduates from different countries and backgrounds
The opportunity to work somewhere with pride, and to be able to honestly say “My work is contributing to saving the planet”
A work culture that puts emphasis on the individual, offering flexible working solutions, parental leave and work life balance principles (local specific)
Monetary childcare subsidy to support you and your family (local specific)


Statkraft offers competitive terms of employment and benefits schemes, and we’re a trusted employer that puts the safety of our people first. We believe that a safe and healthy working environment is a matter of choice, not chance.


Statkraft manages critical infrastructure and services in several countries. The applicant must be eligible for security clearance and authorisation.

Diesen Job melden