Business Analyst (all genders)
Razor Group GmbH
Berlin
Schnellbewerbung

We are building a global eCommerce powerhouse by prioritizing operational efficiency through the use of accurate scaling and technology. With a recent Series C raise of over €80 million and ongoing strategic acquisitions, Razor Group is poised to make a significant impact on the e-commerce industry. Our vision is becoming a reality!




Your Role

For us, tech-driven decision-making processes are crucial. As a Business Analyst, you analyze our data and thus make a fundamental contribution to our business success.

Your responsibilities will include:

analyzing complex data sets to identify trends, patterns, and insights that can be used to inform business decisions.
creating dashboards, reports, and other data visualizations to track key performance indicators & providing insights to stakeholders!
developing and implementing predictive models to forecast business performance and identify areas for improvement
collaborating with cross-functional teams: work closely with marketplace management, pricing & promotions, and content team
being aware of latest trends in data-analysis, industry best practices & technology



Your Profile

To succeed in this role you:

completed a Bachelor's or master's degree in a relevant field (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Finance or Economics)
have 2+ years of experience in a data analytics or business analytics role
possess experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI
demonstrate proficiency in Excel, other programming languages such as SQL, Python, R, or SAS are a plus
have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to interpret complex data sets and communicate findings to stakeholders
demonstrate excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams; fluency in English is required



About Razor Group

Today Razor Group is one of Europe's fastest growing and most profitable unicorns. By partnering with winning e-commerce merchants to onboard, optimize, and operate successful brands, we are on our way to revolutionize the e-commerce world. We have raised nearly $1 billion in equity and debt funding till date from leading investors like Blackrock, Victory Park Capital, L Catterton and Upper90 , and recently closed our $80 mil Series C round. We are also consolidating the aggregator space, and have acquired leading aggregators Factory14 in Spain, Valoreo in Latin America, and our German competitor Stryze. With our HQ in Berlin, we also have a presence in Austin, London, Delhi NCR, and Hangzhou.

Diesen Job melden