Engineering Manager (Data Engineering) (m/ f / x)
PlanA.Earth GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Berlin, Berlin, GermanyEngineeringFull time

Description

Plan A has set itself the ambitious goal to decarbonise a million businesses within the next few years, using science and technology. We offer a software for decarbonisation and ESG reporting capabilities, that enables businesses of the likes of BMW, Mollie, Sorare, GANNI, Chloé and N26, to successfully manage their net zero journey. Building and growing Plan A has been only possible thanks to our ever-expanding team across Europe.

Are you a seasoned professional with experience working with large corporations to implement decarbonisation and net-zero pathways? Are you an empathetic leader with a proven track record of building empowered teams in a fast paced agile environment? Then you’ve come to the right place! We’re looking for a compassionate and experienced leader in data to lead our fast-growing Data Engineering Team.

We are looking for someone to:
At Plan A, you'll be working with hundreds of companies to successfully manage their net zero journey and ESG reporting. As Engineering Manager for the Data Engineering team, your main responsibility will be to provide technical leadership and oversight over the development of our carbon emissions accounting product.

Establish a reporting line for the Data Engineering team, providing guidance and mentorship
Support the team in technical planning, coordinating, and delivering projects and features
Provide a technical point of contact for stakeholders
Take on hiring responsibilities and grow the team
Requirements
Take on team responsibilities with an optimistic and pragmatic mindset
Excellent interpersonal and managerial skills
Solid experience of Python
Experience developing scalable ETL pipelines with modern cloud tools
Experience in developing and building upon clean, testable, and maintainable code
Excellent understanding and experience with AWS cloud infrastructure
Experience with Terraform
Excellent written and verbal English
Benefits
Employee Stock Options (VSOP)
Company pension option
Discounts and benefits via the Plan A Corporate Benefits Platform
Mental health coaching
Access to online learning platforms (e.g. Masterclass, Master Plan) and online magazines (e.g. Sifted)
Monthly team activities, company on- and offsite, and weekly team in-person gatherings on a Friday evening
Dog-friendly office
Flexibility to work remotely, in-office, or a bit of both
28 vacation days per year, 30 days working-from-anywhere, plus annual educational leave and sabbatical leave

What you can expect from Plan A

Contribution to a bigger purpose! Push the needle on climate action by contributing to the success of our carbon management and ESG software!
We value collaboration over competition. You will become part of a cooperative and cross-functional environment, where we value sharing knowledge and best practices.
We are always growing and so are you. We support you with “MyPlan A”, your personalised career journey, in hitting your professional development goals and your vision for life.
Enjoy the perks of remote work but always feel free to join us in our office in Berlin Kreuzberg.
Diesen Job melden