Data Analyst (m/f/d)
AbAKUS IT Solutions
Stuttgart
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

As a Data Analyst (m/f/d), you support the management of business processes. You combine data sources, create data products and reports and derive data-based recommendations for action.

Places of work: Stuttgart / Karlsruhe / remote work

Your tasks:

As a Data Analyst (m/f/d) you are responsible for the development, operation and optimisation of qualitative and quantitative control instruments.
In doing so, you support the business processes and derive data-supported recommendations for action for the business departments and the management.
As interface between the specialist departments and IT, you coordinate data flows, collate data and present it visibly in the form of reports.
With foresight, you further develop the analysis methods and data sources used with the aim of recognizing new correlations that are relevant to the success of the business.
You accompany the operational implementation of data products, e.g. intelligent algorithms to support decision-making processes.

This is what you should bring with you:

You have a degree in mathematics, (business) computer science, statistics or a comparable field.
You have already gained experience in the analysis of large amounts of data and the implementation of analytical models.
You have strong analytical and conceptual skills to identify and process relevant correlations, even from large amounts of data.
You have very good programming skills in e.g. R or Python.
You have very good knowledge of SQL, relational databases and various RDBMS.
Ideally, you have already gained initial experience with cloud platforms such as Azure and relevant services (Data Factory, Batch Services).
You can work independently and on your own responsibility.
You communicate confidently and fluently in German and English.

What do we offer?

We offer a full-time permanent position. An exciting professional challenge in the context of highly available software solutions awaits you.
After a thorough onboarding at ABAKUS IT-SOLUTIONS, you will enter in direct exchange with our customers.
We offer professional training and also personal coaching.
We offer a performance-related salary and other extras.

Have we aroused your interest? Then apply today using our application form and send us your application documents (CV + salary expectations).

Diesen Job melden