Salesforce Software Engineer (m/f/d)
AnyDesk
Stuttgart
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

About us

AnyDesk was founded under the belief that software technology and global connectivity can be a means to improve the way society functions. Today, AnyDesk builds a platform technology to reinvent the internet.

Join us in shaping the future of software technology!




What we are looking for

To help us on our mission, we are looking for an experienced and highly ambitious Salesforce Software Engineer. As a Salesforce Software Engineer at AnyDesk you will be responsible for the implementation, development and maintenance of internal business systems. In a fast-paced and creative work environment, you can contribute to our innovative and dynamic team by helping us to develop first class solutions.

Design, develop and test customized solutions within the Salesforce platform to support key business functions
Implement long-term improvements to ensure compatibility with the evolving needs of the company
Model, manage, and secure data effectively
Transform use cases and requirements into robust and maintainable code
Carefully, constantly and consistently document Salesforce platform enhancement and changes
Conduct code reviews and provide technical guidance and mentoring to team members

What you bring to the table

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field
Experience as a developer with CRM systems
Deep understanding of financial processes and possess extensive expertise in Salesforce
Experience in developing custom components and connecting distributed systems with the business infrastructure
Good knowledge of object-oriented programming languages such as Java and Apex
Very strong ability to listen attentively, apply logic and reason, follow- through, can-do attitude, and exceptional communication skills both written and verbal



Preferred Skills and Experience:

Good problem-solving skills and the ability to find optimal solutions in a global, standardized context
You work independently and communicate effectively and proactively with your team
Confident personality with good technical comprehension and a passion for learning and growth

What we offer

Centrally located office in Stuttgart
Flexible working hours and a hybrid working model
30 vacation days/year in a full-time position
Free drinks and weekly team lunch
Personal and professional development potentialities and room for creative ideas
An international team

Are you ready for exciting tasks in an agile work environment with a both professional and collegial atmosphere? Apply now! Your contact person is Gemma Baillie, Talent Acquisition Specialist.




AnyDesk is an equal opportunities employer. We want to give our employees room to grow, create a fun atmosphere to work in, and offer you the opportunity to produce the most creative, most daring, most exceptional results of your career. That’s exactly why we’re looking for people who enrich us. We do not care about age, gender, sexual orientation, disability, civil status, religion, or ethnicity. We consider all equal and provide equal opportunity to all.




AnyDesk Software GmbH
Türlenstraße 2
70191 Stuttgart
Diesen Job melden