Doctoral Research Associate at the Institute of Political Science
Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster
Münster
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

45,000 students, 8,000 employees in teaching, research, and administration working together to shape the future – this is the University of Münster. Closely embedded within the city of Münster and its high quality of life, the university attracts national and international students and researchers due to its diverse research profile and attractive study options.

The Institute of Political Science in the Faculty of Education and Social Sciences at the University of Münster, Germany, is seeking to fill 2 positions for




Doctoral Research Associates

Wissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in

(salary level TV-L E 13, 65%)




as part of the Research Group “Transformation and Sustainability Governance in South American Bioeconomies” (SABio). The positions are available to start at the earliest date possible. We are offering the fixed-term part-time positions (65% FTE) for 3 years.




Project description

The interdisciplinary project, SABio, examines the emergence and sustainability performance of bioeconomies in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay. It consists of two research groups working at the interface between agricultural economics (University of Bonn) and political science (University of Münster). The research group in political science is led by Dr Karen Siegel (Head of Research Group) and Prof Thomas Dietz (Principal Investigator) and funded by the German Federal Ministry of Food and Agriculture (BMEL) and the University of Münster. Having launched in 2020, the SABio project has established a vibrant international research community seeking to investigate the opportunities and challenges for sustainable bioeconomy development in South America through regular interactive team meetings and interdisciplinary research colloquia, as well as knowledge exchange activities in various languages with relevant stakeholders and partners in South America using both virtual and in-person formats. The two positions advertised are designed to strengthen the research group in political science during the second project phase (2023-2026). For more information on the SABio project, please see: sabio-project.org

The broad concept of bioeconomy is increasingly being promoted as a potential strategy to foster sustainability transitions and address climate change. Key elements are the replacement of fossil-based raw materials with bio-based alternatives, fostering more efficient use of biomass, developing bio-based materials, increasing the economic value of forestry and agriculture, and promoting innovation in biotechnology. Yet, sustainability benefits are by no means automatic and without appropriate safeguards and sustainability strategies bioeconomy development also comes with significant risks and trade-offs. Therefore, the promotion of technologically innovative, environmentally friendly and equitable bioeconomic value chains remains a major challenge for policymakers.

Through events with different stakeholders, multi-lingual policy briefs and collaboration with scientific partners in the region, the SABio project also seeks to inform governmental and non-governmental decision-makers about entry points for action towards promoting sustainable bio-based innovation processes that safeguard rural development and the equitable distribution of the benefits and costs of a bio-based transformation. Important research topics for the second phase of the project include, but are not limited to, the impact of the new European due diligence legislation for bioeconomy value chains and opportunities and barriers for fostering just sustainability transitions through bioeconomic development.




Your Tasks

Development, implementation and completion of a doctoral research programme on the sustainability governance of South American bioeconomies, including fieldwork in the region
Responsibility for completing one of the project work packages and meeting associated milestones and deliverables
Publication of articles in leading peer-reviewed international journals
Presentation of research at workshops and conferences
Participation in the development of research collaborations with local and national partners in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay
Active participation in the development and dissemination of research to support policy design



This position is tied to working towards a doctorate.




Our Expectations

Essential

A master’s level degree (or equivalent) in political science, social science or economics
Demonstrable knowledge of research methods, ethics and good international scientific practices
Demonstrable knowledge of the field of sustainability governance
Excellent command of English, both verbal and written, as well as Spanish and/or Portuguese



Desirable

Experience conducting research in South America
Existing networks with policymakers and research institutions in Argentina, Brazil and/or Uruguay
Excellent time management skills
The ability to work independently and as a part of a team, both virtually and in person
Demonstrable experience in using relevant software for data analysis
Experience publishing in leading peer-reviewed international journals



What we offer

Additional funding for conference and fieldwork travel, research hardware and software
A dynamic international, interdisciplinary and multilingual research community in the field of sustainability transitions and bioeconomy governance
Additional support further developing English language academic writing skills and preparing international peer-reviewed publications
Excellent networks of national and international research partners, opportunities to develop own networks and support for personal career development
The opportunity to become integrated into broader networks within the University of Münster, for example, through activities of the Brazil Centre, the International Office and the Graduate School of Politics
If you have family members or young children in your care, our Family Service Office offers concrete support to help you balance your private and professional responsibilities.
As an educational institution, we are deeply committed to offering occupational training and continuing education opportunities tailored to your individual needs.
From A – Z, Aikido to Zumba, our sport and health programmes ensure a healthy work-life balance.
As a university employee, you are entitled to numerous benefits afforded to public servants, e.g. an attractive company pension scheme (VBL), an annual end-of-year bonus and a position that is shielded from economic fluctuations.



The University of Münster strongly supports equal opportunity and diversity. We welcome all applicants regardless of sex, nationality, ethnic or social background, religion or worldview, disability, age, sexual orientation or gender identity. We are committed to creating family-friendly working conditions. Part-time options are generally available.

We actively encourage applications by women. Women with equivalent qualifications and academic achievements will be preferentially considered unless these are outweighed by reasons which necessitate the selection of another candidate.

Applications should include the following documents in English as a single PDF:

a CV
a letter of motivation, including a brief outline of the intended research (max. 2 pages)
contact details of two referees
a copy of university degrees (original language is sufficient, no certified copies required at this stage)
a writing sample (e.g. a master’s thesis, a chapter from a PhD thesis, or publication; preferably single-authored and in English)



Please do not include photos in your application documents.

For further information or questions, please do not hesitate to contact Dr Karen Siegel at: Karen.Siegel@uni-muenster.de

Are you interested? Then please send your application by 19 June 2023, as a single PDF, to:




University of Münster

Institute of Political Science Ms Gabriele Erwig

E-Mail: gabriele.erwig@uni-muenster.de

Diesen Job melden