Data Engineer (w/m/d)
Cerascreen GmbH
20359 Hamburg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
WE are ...

… a young, up-and-coming healthcare company situated in the heart of Hamburg. Based on our steep growth course and successes (e.g. FOCUS Wachstumschampion 2020), we have set ourselves the ambitious goal of becoming THE digital health tech partner for health and prevention, trusted by people all over the world. To this end, we offer easy-to-use diagnostics in the form of home lab test kits, perfectly matched recommendations and products, and individual consultations. True to our vision: We want you and your loved ones to stay healthy. That's why we empower people to take their health into their own hands!
This is where YOU come into the picture. Our team in Hamburg needs you to join us immediately as a


Data Engineer (w/m/d)

YOUR TASKS

You support the development of innovative healthtech products by providing and maintaining data sources, platforms and pipelines.
You implement strategies for effective continuous integration, development, and delivery of data-based analyses.
You continuously improve platform performance by interrogating the available data landscape and creating tools to enable routine analytics.
You proactively identify issues, investigate the root cause, and propose solutions.
You understand the value of scalable health data platforms and according business models.

YOUR STRENGTHS

Background: Bachelor’s degree in business informatics, bioinformatics, medical informatics, natural science or similar qualification.
Experience in data analytics tools and infrastructures, such as R, Python and AWS, data engineering or comparable fields.
Motivation for hands-on data engineering, process automation and for creating a scalable data analytics infrastructure.
Ability to work in an agile an independent manner as well as excellent problem solving and interpersonal skills.
Fluent English and ideally good German skills.

WHAT WE OFFER

An exciting, guaranteed diversified job in the best city location
Varied and diverse range of tasks
A unique opportunity to drive digitisation in the health sector
A high degree of independent work and personal responsibility
A young team with flat hierarchies, direct communication and start-up feeling
Free use of our health tests, among others also the tests around the topic Corona
Attractive discounts on supplements, rich fruit and vegetable basket and regular team events
Free online language courses (German & English)
Subsidized fitness membership with Qualitrain
Subsidy for the HVV ProfiCard
High-quality equipment for flexible, mobile and digital work

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and therefore offer equal opportunities to all employees and applicants, regardless of gender, age, disability, nationality, religion or sexual orientation.

Do you feel addressed? Then we look forward to receiving your application! Your personal contact person is Wilfried Blum.

We are looking forward to getting to know you personally!

Diesen Job melden