Materials Science and Technology Support Scientist
Schrödinger
Mannheim
Schnellbewerbung

We're seeking a Materials Science and Technology Support Scientist to join us in our mission to improve human health and quality of life by transforming the way therapeutics and materials are discovered.

Schrödinger is a science and technology leader with over 30 years of experience developing software solutions for quantum mechanics-, molecular dynamics-, and machine learning-based chemical simulation and prediction.

As a member of our Scientific Support team, you'll help customers optimize their use of our materials discovery software. By keeping close tabs on issues of interest to our users, you'll play a crucial role in ensuring customer satisfaction and in the continual development of cutting edge tools for the materials industry.

Who will love this job:

A materials scientist with broad knowledge of molecular modeling theory and applications
A skilled problem-solver who's familiar with high-performance computing clusters, queuing systems, and systems administration
A quick-thinking customer supporter
An excellent communicator with impeccable interpersonal and organizational skills

What you'll do:

Aid the Schrödinger materials community with scientific advice and support
Guide technical deployment of Schrödinger software in high-performance computing environments (which include clusters and GPUs)
Collaborate in high-impact scientific research projects to be shared with the broader scientific community (up to 20% of the time)
Troubleshoot user difficulties
Log and track problems and enhancement requests
Channel feedback to the development team
Help coordinate global materials science support efforts

What you should have:

PhD in Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, or a related field
Extensive experience with the application of at least one of the following groups of simulation methods for materials or complex chemicals:
Molecular dynamics
Coarse-grained simulations
Quantum mechanics
Machine/deep learning, chemical informatics, and data analysis
Excellent English language skills (both verbal and written)

Preferred skills and background:

Expertise in molecular dynamics and/or coarse-grained techniques
Postdoctoral research and/or relevant experience in the commercial sector
Python programming proficiency

Sound exciting? Apply today and join us!

As an equal opportunity employer, Schrödinger hires outstanding individuals into every position in the company. People who work with us have a high degree of engagement, a commitment to working effectively in teams, and a passion for the company's mission. We place the highest value on creating a safe environment where our employees can grow and contribute, and refuse to discriminate on the basis of race, color, religious belief, sex, age, disability, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, partnership status, caregiver status, sexual and reproductive health decisions, gender identity or expression, or sexual orientation. To us, "diversity" isn't just a buzzword, but an important element of our core principles and key business practices. We believe that diverse companies innovate better and think more creatively than homogenous ones because they take into account a wide range of viewpoints. For us, greater diversity doesn't mean better headlines or public images - it means increased adaptability and profitability.
Diesen Job melden