Data Product Manager (m/f/d)*
Munich Re
München
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
Data Product Manager (m/f/d)*

Company
Munich Re
Location
Munich , Germany

The Data and Analytics division (DAA) is dedicated to data asset creation, data engineering and data analytics. We shape and coordinate Munich Re’s agenda in these fields to take advantage of the growing opportunities provided by data and analytics. Our goal is to enable new opportunities and improve existing portfolios for our core business.

The Data Asset team is the driver of Munich Re’s data agenda and the key partner for services around data and data products. We strategically invest in the creation of data assets, source external data and together with Business and Central Units build accessible high quality data products. At the exciting forefront of the digital transformation, new disruptive technologies like Large Language Models and the rapidly growing importance of data, it is our mission to enable the organization to generate additional bottom-line results by leveraging the power of data.

The Data Asset Team is based out of Munich and the US and works with internal and external partners across the globe. The team closely liaises and jointly drives projects with all business units & central units like Corporate Underwriting and Corporate Claims. In order to grow the team, we are looking for someone with an entrepreneurial and/or product mindset, being curious, committed and excited about shaping the future of Munich Re in the role of a “Consultant Data Assets”.

Your Job

For data products owned by our department, act as a product manager by help defining product vision and by driving the implementation
For data products owned by organizational units outside of our department, collaborate closely with business, central and innovation units to understand data needs, identify promising data-based use cases and support in building data products and data product organizations
Support the creation of Munich Re data assets for Company, People and Assets and leverage both, internal and external data sources
Lead projects which aim to create value with data and work closely together with our internal partners and external stakeholders
As part of the Data Asset team contribute to the overall development of the department and division

Your Profile

Insurance background, e.g. acquired in an underwriting, claims, consulting or data role
Technical data handling skills, acquired through a computer science or quantitative education or respective work experience
Proven project management capabilities, ideally also experience in product management
Entrepreneurial mindset and ability to develop strategic targets and conceptually transform requirements into solutions
Integrative personality, strong in building and maintaining relationships (internally and externally)
Drive and dedication, as well as creativity and hands-on attitude to initiate and execute use cases (“getting things done”)
Excellent command of English and ability to explain complex problems to a diverse audience


About us


As the world's leading reinsurance company with more than 11,000 employees at over 50 locations, Munich Re introduces a paradigm shift in the way you think about insurance. By turning uncertainty into a manageable risk we enable fundamental change. Join us working on topics today that will concern society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, medical risk assessment or even space travel.

Together we embrace a culture where multiskilled teams dare to think big. We create the new and the different for our clients and cultivate innovation.

Sounds like you? Push boundaries with us and be part of Munich Re.

Our employees are our greatest strength. That’s why we offer them a wide range of benefits. You can find some examples below.




Unlock your potential

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: we embrace the power of differences and are convinced that diversity fosters innovation and resilience and enables us to act braver and better.
Continuous Learning: we believe that continuous learning is a key differentiator and critical for building new skills and accelerating growth.
Career Mobility: we actively support career mobility, and our strong global and regional presence offers a wealth of career growth opportunities for you.


Rewards & Recognition

Competitive salary: appropriate compensation for your high level of commitment.
Retirement provision: state of the art in-house pension solutions.
Work-life balance: promoting the compatibility of family and work in addition to overall work-life balance.
Health management: focus on your physical and mental health far beyond legal requirements.
Hybrid working: living the best of both worlds – we offer you a very flexible approach as well as the opportunity to work from abroad on an occasional basis.
Munich Re not only stands for fairness with regard to its clients; it is also an equal opportunities employer. Severely disabled candidates will also be prioritized, if equally qualified.

Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Marika Schwertner • HR Consultant
Königinstraße 107 • 80802 München • GERMANY

Apply now!

Diesen Job melden