Junior Frontend developer (m/f/d)
AlignTech
14167 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Join a team that is changing millions of lives.

Transforming smiles, changing lives.

At Align Technology, we believe a great smile can transform a person’s life, so we create technology that gives people the confidence to take on whatever’s next. We revolutionized the orthodontic industry with the introduction of the Invisalign system, and we have never lost sight of that spirit of innovation. Our diverse and collaborative teams are constantly pushing the boundaries of what’s possible.

Ready to join us?

About this opportunity

We are looking for a Junior Frontend developer to join our R&D team. Our frontend is based on TypeScript with React. The backend provides a REST API as well as a WebSocket endpoint for real-time updates. Our product is a diagnostic aid for dental professionals that visualizes dental x-ray images and AI-based clinical findings. The users can interact and adjust findings to match their own diagnosis. Key stakeholders include patients, general dentists, orthodontists, dental lab technicians, dental service organizations, universities, and public hospitals. You will work with teams of designers, machine learning engineers, data scientists, marketing managers, software engineers, medical domain experts, and others to build impactful Diagnostics AI products.

In this role, you will…

Develop and optimize new and existing frontend features
Take part in implementing UI designs for new use cases
Work in a team with backend developers and other frontend developers to provide full end-to-end solutions
Collaborate with UI/UX teams to provide the best customer experience and mitigate risks
Optimize user experience for mouse + keyboard as well as touch-based interactions
Interact with SQA team to ensure high quality of the software delivered

In this role, you’ll need …
To have 1+ years of relevant experience as a Frontend Developer
To have strong knowledge of TypeScript & React technology stack and building and maintaining complex React codebases (VueJS is a plus)
To be self-confident and open-minded and see yourself as a team player towards customers and colleagues
To be fluent in English
To be experienced in automated tests
To have mathematical / algorithmic background, knowledge of 2D/3D graphics, Canvas and WebGL are good pluses
To have practical communication skills, ability to communicate concepts and ideas

Sound like a good fit?
Great! Click the "Apply" link to let us know you are interested. Not the right fit? Don’t worry, Align is quickly growing so we are creating more opportunities to expand our Align family. Please consider joining our Talent Network to receive notifications about future jobs or sharing this opportunity with others in your network.

About Align
Align Technology is a publicly traded medical device company that is transforming smiles and changing lives. Our global team of talented employees develop innovative technology, tools and treatment options to help dental professionals worldwide achieve the clinical results they expect. Our digital ecosystem combines the power of technology to create beautiful smiles through the integration of AI and machine learning, digital imaging and visualization, biomechanics and material science to develop the Invisalign system, the most advanced clear aligner system in the world; iTero Intraoral Scanners and OrthoCAD digital services. Did you know? Align is the world’s largest manufacturer of custom 3D-printed materials.

By joining Align, you will be part of a global, fast-growing company in one of the most dynamic industries. Great people, innovative technologies, and meaningful work – these are just some of the things employees say make Align Technology a great place to work.

We respect your privacy. Please review our Applicant Privacy Policies for additional information.

Global Diversity Statement:
At Align, we believe in the power of a smile, and we know that every smile is as unique as our employees. As we grow, we will continue building a workforce of diverse cultural backgrounds and life experiences and fostering a culture of open-mindedness and compassion for all our employees. We live our company values by promoting healthy people and healthy communities. All with the intent of changing millions of lives, one unique smile at a time.

Equal Opportunity Statement
It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity in all of our employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for positions with Align must be legally authorized to work in the country which they are applying for and verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire.

#LI-AL2
#LI-Hybrid
Diesen Job melden