Associate Product Data Analyst (m/f/d) - #5719
Bigpoint GmbH
Hamburg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your Job

Bigpoint's BI team plays a key role in the organization and has the purpose of helping understand the products, audiences, and markets we are operating. This team empowers all Bigpoint employees to have fast access to all customer and infrastructure data needed to support all enterprise actions and make the best decision possible.

The Product Data Analyst works on designing and developing our data models. You will maintain and enhance complex data environments of our games and marketing tools to analyze user behavior using our internal and external customer data resulting in increased customer retention and satisfaction.

Responsibilities

Drive decision-making and product optimization by supporting the business units with relevant data
Conduct ad-hoc data mining and analysis to support the exploration of hypotheses regarding the performance of existing product features and opportunities for new products
Execute analytical projects with a good understanding of analytical methods
Use statistical analysis to segment customer behaviour and develop targeted solutions
Create forecast models and business cases to enable data-driven decision making
Create visually compelling abstracts of large data sets
Define, maintain, and enhance regular reports
Bring a passion for collaboration and operate proactively.

Requirements

University degree in the fields of Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science, or comparable qualification
Min. 2-3 years of professional experience in the field of data analytics or a similar work environment
Hands on experience on SQL and able to write problem solving queries
Experience in working with R, to process data
Understanding of automating task
Working knowledge of various data analysis and reporting tools and comfortable in learning new tools. (Eg. Tableau, Ddna or similar business intelligence tools)
Ability to work independently and in a cross-functional setting
Self-motivation, good communication skills, and a great team-player attitude
Good time management and organizational skills
Passion for games
Fluent in written and spoken English.

Benefits

Why you will love working at BIGPOINT...


Entertain millions of players with high-quality games, disrupt the markets with new multiplayer ideas in multiple different genres and tech projects
Matrix structure that offers the possibility to work on multiple projects with a lean hierarchy for fast decision-making
Work-Life Benefits fully remote from around Germany, flexible working hours, 30 days of vacation
Visa & Relocation Support
Wellbeing Benefits attractive rates for a gym membership in cooperation with QUALITRAIN
Mental Health Benefits anonymous employee counselling at Fürstenberg Institute
Activity Package regular team events, hackathons, and company events
Education Package yearly education budget for every employee

FAQ Info

Any questions? Feel free to take a look at our FAQ!

Contact

For direct application: please send only completed application (CV, Cover Letter, References) to career@bigpoint.net and refer to the job reference number.

About us

With over 410 million registered players and over 50 games, Bigpoint is one of the leading developers and publishers of free to play games in the world. Being part of the Yoozoo group, we believe that everybody should be able to play great games and, with an uncompromising focus on quality, strive to push the boundaries of gaming, exceeding our players expectations with fun, accessible and innovative content.

Diesen Job melden