Data Scientist (m/f/d)
aimpower GmbH
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
Job brief

As a Data Scientist at aimpower you will use your Python programming skills to build and maintain machine learning and deep learning pipelines for predicting communication effectiveness in the marketing context. This will involve working closely with cross-functional teams to understand the needs of our clients and internal teams and using data analysis and machine learning techniques to design and implement solutions that meet those needs. You will be responsible for collecting and pre-processing data from multiple sources, building predictive models, and implementing data science pipelines to drive tangible business results.

In this role you will:

Use Python to build NLP/CV applications, develop and train ML models and ensure they are effective
Identify and generate relevant datasets, and implement appropriate analysis methodologies while maintaining high standards of rigor and clear documentation to enable replication.
Resolve complex optimization problems resulting in tangible benefits.
Deliver business outcomes from the application of machine learning and advanced analytics.
Identify process improvements and develop automated solutions
Build relationships with stakeholders across our company (R&D, Tech, Customer Success and Sales) to ensure we are using data science in the core of our products
Use data analysis techniques to extract insights from data, being able to communicate your findings to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Build your knowledge and learn new skills & share them with the rest of the team
Keep up-to-date with the latest data science and machine learning techniques and technologies

About you:

Degree in a mathematical or computer science subject
2+ years of experience in delivering business outcomes through the application of machine learning, data analytics or a related field. Having experience in a B2B SaaS company is a major plus.
Good working knowledge of statistical techniques, with experience in handling large datasets and complex data pipelines.
Strong understanding of data science and machine learning techniques, including recent advances and their applications for implementation in a production environment
Proficiency in Python coding and data science packages.
Experience with data manipulation tools (e.g. Pandas, Numpy)
Experience with statistical and ML tools (e.g. Scipy, Pytorch)
Experience of moving ML/AI models into production
Experience working with and knowledge of modern data architectures, infrastructure, and tools.
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, concise, and actionable manner
Ability to contribute effectively in a cross-functional team
Self-motivated, highly collaborative, creative, problem-solving with a growth mindset
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to think logically and critically
Very good verbal and written communication skills in German and English
Work permit for Germany

Ways to stand out from the crowd

Experience with AWS cloud technologies is a plus.
Experience with model lifecycle management and MLOps is a plus, but not essential

Job benefits:

Employee Stock Option Program (ESOP)
High level of flexibility within our remote work model
Opportunity to make a significant contribution to an innovation topic

About us

We are aimpower, a fast-growing marketing technology startup founded in 2020. We enable marketers to test any type of advertising in minutes for what really matters: Creative effectiveness from the consumer's point of view. Be it a TV commercial, social media content, packaging design, print ad, e-commerce content or PoS material. All delivered through easy-to-use tools on our brainsuite SaaS platform - a digital consumer brain, based on neuroscience and powered by the latest AI technology. Our mission is to empower marketing teams around the world to launch highly effective communications, to make faster, evidence-based creative decisions, and, most importantly, spend their time and budgets better than on ineffective advertising. Our clients include companies in 25 countries worldwide.


Creative effectiveness at scale. Informed by neuroscience, driven by artificial intelligence.

Diesen Job melden