(Senior) Data Engineer (f/m/d) - Core Data Engineering
Solactive AG
01099 Dresden
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Company Description

Solactive AG is a FinTech company operating globally and growing at a fast pace, headquartered in Frankfurt. Since 2007, we develop tailor-made and multi-asset class index solutions for ETFs and other index-linked investment products for the leading global investment banks and asset managers as our clients. Flexibility, efficiency, and providing the highest quality are at the heart and soul of our business philosophy. We are now hiring!

Job Overview

Are you passionate about data and technology? Are you highly motivated and eager to work in a fast-growing, successful, and challenging environment? Do you enjoy working in small, agile teams and analyzing complex problems to find elegant solutions? Do you love connecting the latest technologies with complex products? If so, Solactive AG may be the perfect fit for you!
As a leading provider of innovative technology solutions for the financial industry, Solactive AG is seeking a talented and motivated Data Engineer to join our team and drive the development of ARTIS

Your Tasks

Work in an agile product team together with other engineers, PO, and Scrum Master
Design and develop a scalable and safe cloud architecture as part of the team
implement new features and sources to improve the product
Ensure the safety and stability of the product
Collaborate with the Data Science team to integrate new AI features
Support DevOps in deployments
Develop and maintain automated testing and deployment processes
Troubleshoot and fix technical issues
Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and consistency

Your Profile

At least 5 years of experience in Software or Data Engineering
Strong understanding of cloud architecture and cloud-based services, particularly GCP
Experience with microservices and k8s
Experience with Python
Experience with data management, including Elastic Search and Postgres
Good understanding of data pipelines and data security measures
Familiarity with testing and deployment processes
Knowledge of version control systems such as Git
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Good communication and collaboration skills
Nice-to-Have:
Experience with other cloud-based services such as AWS or Azure
Experience with other data management technologies such as NoSQL databases or data warehousing
Familiarity with other programming languages such as Java or Go
Knowledge of Agile methodologies
Experience with AI/ML technologies
Experience with DevOps practices and tools


Our Offer

Be part of the Solactive family, a motivated team with an international setting
Get to know the dynamics of an established, successful FinTech company
Free choice of your gears to work comfortably and effectively
Experience a modern start-up culture with a flat hierarchy
Seize the opportunity to develop personally, take over responsibility and maintain direct customer contact from day one
Flexible work environment with a hybrid work model and 30 annual vacation days
Receive numerous benefits (e.g. job ticket, regular staff parties, access to Corporate Benefits, employee lounge, and free beverages and fruit)

Your Application

Interested? Don’t miss your chance and directly apply online by clicking the “Apply now” button on our website and filling in the application form. Please make sure to also upload your CV, a cover letter is not compulsory. Your contact person is Roopali Sahoo(careers@solactive.com). We are looking forward to hearing from you!

For further information, please visit: www.solactive.com/career/

To all recruitment agencies: We do not accept unsolicited CVs/Candidate Profiles. Please do not forward any CVs/Candidate Profiles to any Solactive employee in any location. Any requests for cooperation have to be addressed directly to HR. Any costs associated with unsolicited CVs/Candidate Profiles are not being covered by Solactive.

About us

Solactive AG is a FinTech company operating globally and growing at a fast pace, headquartered in Frankfurt. Since 2007, we develop tailor-made and multi-asset class index solutions for ETFs and other index-linked investment products for the leading global investment banks and asset managers as our clients. Flexibility, efficiency and providing the highest quality are at the heart and soul of our business philosophy. We are now hiring!

Diesen Job melden