Data Scientist, Research & Development
LI-COR
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Primary Work Location

Berlin

Overview

Aggregate, analyze, and present datasets from diverse scientific fields including greenhouse gas monitoring networks, evapotranspiration networks, and plant physiology experiments. Coordinate data collection, management, analysis, and interpretation during new product development. Serve as the subject matter expert in statistical analysis and design-of-experiments across multiple project development teams Work closely with subject matter experts to understand relevant scientific and engineering questions to be addressed. Conceive, develop and implement data processing algorithms in both post-processing and edge-computing environments

Professional Qualifications
Education

Bachelor's degree in applied Statistics, Data Science, or Applied Mathematics preferred. Bachelor's degree in science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM) field with an emphasis on algorithmic development, signal processing, and data analysis will be considered.

Experience
Minimum of three (3) years of post-graduate academic or commercial experience in analyzing large data sets.
Fluent in data analytics tools for science and engineering applications. R or Python fluency required, Matlab or C/C++ experience a plus.
Familiarity with Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) theory and related software tools a plus.
Demonstrated ability to synthesize new algorithms for data analysis and presentation.
Experience with implementing data processing for embedded systems and familiarity with edge computing a plus.
Experience with code repository tools such as Git (Gitlab, Github) a plus
General
Demonstrated ability to draw conclusions and effect decisions through data analysis and interpretation.
Demonstrated ability and interest in complex scientific and/or engineering subjects and problem solving.
Creativity, and the ability to synthesize and clearly communicate results to a diverse audience is a requirement. Analysis skills alone are not enough.
Excellent communication (verbal/written), interpersonal, organization, and presentation skills; must be able to clearly present to a variety of audiences.
Motivated self-starter who can operate independently with little direct oversight.
Dependable, teachable, team player, positive attitude, and good attendance.
Position Responsibilities
Specific
Perform post-processing data analysis using datasets from LI-COR systems to evaluate performance and diagnose issues.
Proactively explore, develop and test models to improve instrument and system performance based on experimental results.
Manage statistical analysis code using source repository tools such as Gitlab.
Write and test production quality code for on-board data processing (edge-computing) within instruments, in either OS (Linux) or microcontroller environments.
Write and test production quality code for post-processing data analysis and synthesis tools, either desktop or cloud based.
Proactively explore and propose added-value data products that can be extracted, also using ML and AI technologies, from field measurements collected by networks of instruments.
Interact with scientists and other end users to explore solutions and co-developments.
General
Maintain awareness of current methods and trends in data science.
Review trade publications and attend relevant trade shows.
Moderate travel is required to customer sites, conferences, and trade shows.
Other duties as assigned.
Diesen Job melden