Working Student in Data Science (f/m/d)
E.On
München
Teilzeit, Befristeter Vertrag
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Working Student in Data Science (f/m/d)
E.On - München
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
Befristeter Vertrag

E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Fixed Term | Part time




You have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place?

Then become a changemaker (f/m/d) and join our team as a(n) Working Student in Data Science (f/m/d) at E.ON Digital Technology (EDT).

E.ON Digital Technology plays a key role in shaping the energy transition by leading E.ON’s digital transformation across Europe. We explore new paths through developing ideas, breaking new ground, making visions reality, and bringing new technologies to life. In flexible working models and teams, we deliver sustainable technology solutions to meet the energy challenges of tomorrow.




At E.ON’s Future Lab, we develop and incubate inventions and intellectual property from emerging digital technologies in the areas of robotics, industrial IIoT and AI that enable a sustainable energy future. With a multidisciplinary team consisting of experts in the areas of Energy-, Electronics- and Electrical Engineering, Computer- and Data Science, as well as Digital Innovation Management, we discover radical, technology-oriented innovation opportunities, transform them into viable use cases, test them via prototypes and MVPs (both software and hardware); and eventually reintegrate them into the business or spin them off for external commercialization.




At Future Lab, we think that innovation nowadays happens in ecosystems. Therefore, we join forces not only internally but also with academia, startups and companies across industry, operating in an ecosystem that together is stronger than the sum of its parts. Doing so, we facilitate the exchange of knowledge and push the development of technology, from which we derive solutions that have a high impact for us, our customers and more importantly, society as a whole.




Your responsibilities

Identify, analyze, and translate business needs into conceptual, logical, and physical data models
Translate academic papers into code and adapt state-of-the-art ML/AI models for energy-related use cases
Support the development, implementation and deployment of state-of-the-art ML/AI models and technologies in digital pipelines together with IoT, Data and ML Engineers
Contribute to the venturing of innovative R&D projects, from elaboration of technical ideas and concepts, through development of integrated hardware- and software prototypes and business development
Work in a cross-functional team, and communicate effectively technical requirements and business interdependencies across engineering- and management disciplines
Keep yourself ahead of emerging technologies, state of the art components and best practices in the areas of robotics, industrial IoT and AI in energy industry



Your profile

Advanced bachelor- or early master studies in the field of computer science, mathematics, data science or equivalent
Good knowledge in programming skills, especially Python
Experience with data science tools and libraries: NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, PyTorch (or equivalent), Jupyter Notebooks
Knowledge of the mathematical foundations of statistical inference and forecasting such as time series analysis, multivariate analysis, cluster analysis, and optimization
Desired but not required, experience in formulating and solving optimization problems with python libraries such as pyomo or similar tools
Desired but not required, experience with DevOps, CI/CD pipelines or Docker desirable
Well-founded knowledge about the energy industry, its mechanisms, and challenges; professional experience in the energy industry is a plus
An experimental and entrepreneurial mindset and a desire to build things from scratch or optimize ones that already exist
Outstanding communication skills with the ability to communicate complex technical ideas, regardless of the technical capacity of the audience
Passion for technology and the inner desire to solve problems and move things forward
Fluent in spoken and written English; German is a plus



Our Benefits

We give you flexibility: Thanks to our flexible working hours, you can easily balance your university life and your job.
We value your contribution: We support your financial independence with a competitive salary.
Recharge your batteries: With us, you have 30 days of vacation per year (Christmas and New Year's Eve are always free).
Your further development: We are growing - and want you to grow with us. We offer you interesting and varied tasks and many options for a future job after graduation.
And that's not all: We will be happy to discuss all other benefits with you in the recruiting process



Do you have questions?
For further information please contact Sarah Klammer, sarah.klammer2@eon.com.




What you need to know:
Job Req ID: 217290
Contract type: Fixed Term
Working time: Part time
Company: E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Location: München
Function area: IT/Digital

Diesen Job melden