SENIOR PENETRATION TESTER - UP TO 100% REMOTE - COLOGNE
Zync Group
Köln
Homeoffice
Ab 100.000 € pro Jahr - Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Gehalt
Ab 100.000 € pro Jahr
Anstellungsart
Festanstellung

Senior Penetration Tester - Up to 100% Remote - Cologne

Salary: 100k+

A fast-growing independent consultancy founded in the early 2000 with a strong focus on IT Security & Risk management. Providing maximum resilience against attacks and protection of company and customer data. A team of experts, all at the top of their field. Working together & growing together.

Due to their recent expansion, they are looking for a senior penetration tester to join & help manage their team!

You will be responsible for:

Independent implementation of penetration tests on Network, Internal network & cloud based Environments.
Writing reports & meaningful documentation regarding the identified vulnerabilities.
Advising developers on how to fix the identified vulnerabilities.
Presenting documentation to company stakeholders & providing training for members of your team.

Key aspects of the role:

Headquarters in Cologne - Germany. This role will be mostly remote with occasional travel involved. You will be expected to travel 1-2 times a month.

Essential:

You have successfully completed your studies in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar fields of study.
3+ Years hands-on experience with penetration testing.
Previous experience working in Cloud environments (Azure).
Knowledge of Programming languages.
The ability to work in a team and very good communication skills. German and English speaking.

Desirable:

Industry relevant certifications.

Company Benefits:

Flexible working & mobile working possibilities.
A friendly working environment & Innovative working culture.

If you are interested in this role, please get in touch with me immediately!



CONTACT CONSULTANT
REBECCA PERKINS
BPERKINS@ZYNCGROUP.IO

Diesen Job melden