PhD candidate (f/m/d) Artificial Intelligence and Medical Imaging
UKE - Universitätsklinikum Hamburg-Eppendorf
Hamburg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Wir im UKE glauben fest daran, dass erfolgreiches und erfüllendes Arbeiten im Einklang mit den persönlichen Bedürfnissen und individuellen Lebensentwürfen aller Mitarbeitenden stehen sollte. Gemeinsam können wir dies möglich machen.

Jeden Tag ein bisschen mehr. Jeden Tag ein bisschen besser.

Das macht die Position aus

The Institute of Computational Neuroscience (ICNS) is a dynamic and research-oriented UKE institute, active in both basic and applied clinical research. Our international and diverse team of about 20 colleagues is looking forward to your support and collaboration. For more information, please visit www.uke.de/icns.

In the working group "Image Processing and Medical Imaging" (IPMI) of ICNS, we develop AI methods and solutions to support image-based medical diagnosis and therapy. The position is placed in a collaborative project with the UKE Clinic for Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology and Nuclear Medicine and is part of the DFG priority program Radiomics. The aim of the project is the development of MRI-based biomarkers to predict the development of nerve sheath tumors using current machine learning approaches. We are looking for a highly motivated PhD student.

This position is to be filled as soon as possible and with 65 percent of the weekly working time for a limited period of three years with a possibility of extension.

Your activities and responsibilities:

Development of machine learning methods (esp. deep learning approaches) for the optimization and analysis (esp. segmentation, radiomics) of MRI image data
Development of AI-based models for image-based prediction of the growth and transformation of nerve sheath tumors

Darauf freuen wir uns

Master’s degree in medical informatics, computer science, medical technology or related fields
Strong interest in scientific questions in the fields of artificial intelligence and medical imaging and processing
Good programming skills as well as experience in the areas of image processing and machine learning are an advantage

Das bieten wir

Regular pay according to TVöD/VKA; attractive company pension plan and various employee discounts
30 days of vacation; possibility of special leave
Central location: Our clinic is centrally located at the beautiful Eppendorfer Park
Sustainable travel: subsidies for the HVV-ProfiTicket and Dr. Bike bicycle service; option to lease a service bike
Crisis-proof workplace, meaningful activity, appreciative interaction and open exchange of knowledge within the team; structured induction training
Opportunity to actively shape and develop the working environment within the framework of our employee program (UKE INside).
Family-friendly working environment: cooperation on childcare, free vacation care, advice for employees with relatives in need of care
Excellent health, prevention and sports offers
Healthy and varied lunch break: In addition to our canteen, there is a rich selection of culinary offerings just a few steps away, for example the "Health Kitchen" cafés and bistros, as well as other snack bars, bakers, a supermarket, etc.
Diesen Job melden