Senior Backend Engineer, Fulfilment Alliance (m/f/x)
Alumni Network Job Board
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Each year HelloFresh launches more markets and more brands, and all of those require our technology infrastructure to keep the engine running. SCM is at the core of HelloFresh and the foundation for everything we do. All HelloFresh processes rely on SCM Tech to operate. We manage the contracts with our suppliers, place orders, control the receipt of goods, handle inventory, keep track of the box labeling and production, and keep a close connection with different areas of the company, from Finance to Operations. Our challenge is to improve efficiency and reduce waste across the supply chain. Our vision is to build the world's leading, scalable, fully-integrated, food supply chain management platform.

The role

In this role, you will join as a Senior Backend Engineer on our Supply Chain Management teams. If you are not familiar with SCM you can read more about it here. You will have the opportunity to learn and use DevOps and Continuous Delivery practices to deliver incremental and continuous business value.

You will contribute to developing new product features backed by scalable technical solution designs which you can read more about here. You will get support throughout your journey via mentorship, workshops, pair programming.

Our Backend Engineers assume development and operational responsibility for the SCM Tech platform that serves all of our internal users for operational purposes.

Above all, we are looking for people who will make HelloFresh better. We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don't "tick all the boxes" but think you'd thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.

What you'll do

Work in a cross-functional team typically comprising 5-7 people using a wide-range of technologies and frameworks. Your team will be a place where your thoughts and opinions matter and your contributions will have a tremendous impact on the team's success.

Take ownership of the architecture, design, development, deployment and operations of the microservices you will develop, using DevOps practices, pair programming and other cutting edge methodologies
Be active, solution-oriented member of autonomous, cross-functional agile teams collaborating with Product Owners, Front-end Engineers, Designers, and Business Intelligence teams
Having an in-depth understanding of HelloFresh's core product and architecture, and act as ambassador for software solutions offering support and mentorship to colleagues
Work with state-of-the-art technologies like Kafka, RabbitMQ, Spark, Kubernetes, Istio, and more
What you'll bring
BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent working experience
5+ years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages like Golang, and with data structures/algorithms.
Knowledge of relational and document databases, such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB
5+ years of experience testing, maintaining and/or launching software products
5+ years of experience with software design and architecture.
Good communication skills
Passion for software engineering, as shown by previous work experience, projects, or publications.
Have the ambition to develop yourself and learn from your peers.
Creative problem-solving abilities.
Deep knowledge of Golang.
Expertise about Microservice architecture
Deep knowledge of Docker and k8s
Deep understanding of relational and document databases, such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB
In-depth working with event-driven architectures using RabbitMQ and/or Kafka
Practical experience in CI/CD methods and practices
Ability to act as and advocate for best tech practices such as TDD, BDD, DDD and distributed architectural patterns
Ambition to work in end-to-end development processes, including unit, integration & functional testing, distributed architecture, application tuning/profiling, and continuous integration
You thrive in the opportunity to collaborate and mentor team members, while also sharing practical knowledge and trends

Interacting with front-end developers, designers, product owners and our teams around the world is very much part of our day-to-day, so communication skills are vital. We are looking for strong problem-solvers who can apply their engineering skills to a wide range of platforms and environments, while also acting as an ambassador to coach team members and stakeholders.

#SCMTECH

Are you up for the challenge?

Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.

After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.


HelloFresh is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to candidates with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the application process, please reach out to us at:

Europe: EUaccommodations@hellofresh.com.
APAC: APACaccommodations@hellofresh.com
United States: USCandidateAccommodations@hellofresh.com
Canada: CAaccommodations@hellofresh.com

Diesen Job melden