Claims Data Consultant (m/f/d)*
Munich Re
München
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Claims Data Consultant (m/f/d)*

Company
Munich Re
Location
Munich , Germany

Within the central division Claims, comprising all non-life claims operations globally, we drive digitalization as a crucial element of our Global Claims Ambition 2025. The team is responsible for collecting and managing loss data, systems and analytics as well as loss data-driven internal and external services.

In this mission, we want to strengthen the usage of loss data within Claims and beyond (especially for underwriting P&C business) in close collaboration with DAA, CU and business units.

The advertised position within the Data Analytics and Data Products sub-team offers the exciting opportunity to play a key role in driving the digitalization and data strategy by leveraging the information that resides in raw data and transforming it into business insights and meaningful data products.

Your Job

Using our internal tools and services to cleanse, transform and refine data from various sources
Performing data analysis to discover data patterns, understand, visualize and summarize the data, estimate the quality and discover anomalies
Having a close loop with operative colleagues to discuss insights and generate ideas for further improvement
Consolidating data from various sources for overarching comparisons and analysis and identify links to other data sources and data products
Implementing and maintaining standard and ad-hoc data queries and reports
Maintaining, extending and creating globally used data products and identify development needs with stakeholders in alignment with data strategy initiatives
Taking ownership and drive analytic topics in agile project teams to support the business and generate insights

Your Profile

University degree in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, data science, physics or alternatively several years practical experience with the wrangling of data
Experience in Claims non-life (re)insurance business domain (e.g. Claims management, Claims handling or data analysis within Claims) – Underwriting experience is a significant plus
Strong willingness to build and continuously improve analytical and statistical skills, basic programming in Python and SQL and working with Azure Cloud components
Practical experiences in visualization tools, preferably Power BI
Team player especially in agile project set-ups
Experience as (Data) Product Owner or with Project Management is a plus
Very high level of motivation paired with the capacity to take responsibility and work independently
Very good written and spoken German and English


About us


As the world's leading reinsurance company with more than 11,000 employees at over 50 locations, Munich Re introduces a paradigm shift in the way you think about insurance. By turning uncertainty into a manageable risk we enable fundamental change. Join us working on topics today that will concern society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, medical risk assessment or even space travel.

Together we embrace a culture where multiskilled teams dare to think big. We create the new and the different for our clients and cultivate innovation.

Sounds like you? Push boundaries with us and be part of Munich Re.

Our employees are our greatest strength. That’s why we offer them a wide range of benefits. You can find some examples below.




Unlock your potential

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: we embrace the power of differences and are convinced that diversity fosters innovation and resilience and enables us to act braver and better.
Continuous Learning: we believe that continuous learning is a key differentiator and critical for building new skills and accelerating growth.
Career Mobility: we actively support career mobility, and our strong global and regional presence offers a wealth of career growth opportunities for you.


Rewards & Recognition

Competitive salary: appropriate compensation for your high level of commitment.
Retirement provision: state of the art in-house pension solutions.
Work-life balance: promoting the compatibility of family and work in addition to overall work-life balance.
Health management: focus on your physical and mental health far beyond legal requirements.
Hybrid working: living the best of both worlds – we offer you a very flexible approach as well as the opportunity to work from abroad on an occasional basis.
Munich Re not only stands for fairness with regard to its clients; it is also an equal opportunities employer. Severely disabled candidates will also be prioritized, if equally qualified.

Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Marika Schwertner • HR Consultant
Königinstraße 107 • 80802 München • GERMANY

Apply now!

Diesen Job melden