Software Engineer (f/m/d)
future demand GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
Your mission

To expand our development team, we are looking to hire a creative software engineer with a lean and agile mindset. You will join our engineering team and will help developing the platform for connecting our customer’s data to insights generated by our team of data science and machine learning engineers. Join us and be part of our journey of developing the next generation discovery platform for live-entertainment and sports events.

Your tasks:

Own the backend stack that powers our platform and apps
Collaborate with data scientists, front-end developers, DevOps and product owner to design and implement new features
Build and maintain several internal services which will be used across the data pipelines or alongside the backend.
Work closely together with the data science team for deploying models to production
Work on full project lifecycle starting from requirements gathering/understanding the problem to deploying and maintaining projects
Your profile
A minimum 3 years of work experience with Python and related frameworks (Flask and/or FastAPI)
Extensive experience with databases such as Postgres and Dynamo DB
Extensive experience in designing and maintaining REST’ful API endpoints.
Good experience in Cloud Infrastructure (ideally AWS)
Good understanding of software design principles and Domain-Driven design
Ideally experience with Continuous Delivery and Containerization(Docker)
Excellent communication skills and the ability to explain complex topics in a simple manner
Why us?
We offer an exciting environment at the interface between IT and live-entertainment and Sports as part of an ambitious, international and results-driven team in a young startup
You work with an excellent team in an innovative company with long-term financing
Varied tasks with a wide range of great opportunities
Flexible working hours
Benefits package includes e.g.
Personal professional development budget
Highly subsidised public transport work ticket
Free Urban Sports Club membership M
and more…
Modern spacious office in the heart of Kreuzkölln with all the usual perks (including masks, air filters, rapid tests etc)
You have the possibility to work fully or partially remotely

If you have any questions regarding the position, don't hesitate to contact us at hr@future-demand.com
About us
Predict what will happen.
Then change it.
Future Demand is software for concert and sports promoters that aggregates millions of data points to predict attendance, increase sales for events, and makes marketing teams up to 10x faster.
Find out more about us @ future-demand.com
Diesen Job melden