Internship CRM Master Data Management (m/f/d)
Hugo Boss
Metzingen
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Internship CRM Master Data Management (m/f/d)
Hugo Boss - Metzingen
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum

Our vision is to establish HUGO BOSS as the leading premium tech-driven fashion platform worldwide and to be one of the top 100 global brands. At HUGO BOSS, we work as a team to apply our knowledge, skills and experience together and create a diversity of ideas and solutions. What unites us? We love fashion, we change fashion!


At HUGO BOSS, you have the opportunity to contribute your personality, ideas and creativity — because only when we break new ground together can we create something unique. Become part of our team of more than 14.000 employees worldwide and shape your future/drive your future/drive your growth, at HUGO BOSS!


Have you always wanted to know what the future of customer relationship management (CRM), system-based central processing of customer data and data analysis looks like in practice? Then take a look behind the scenes with us and get stuck in.
We are responsible for managing programs such as CRM, Personalization and Data Science and the operational implementation of global projects. As an interface between Data, IT and business impact, we work in a very diverse and international environment.
We offer an internship (m/f/d) for 6 months, starting on 01.06.2023 - Use your university knowledge to apply it in practice and get a comprehensive insight into the multi-faceted CRM world at HUGO BOSS.


What you can expect:

You support the conception, implementation, testing and roll-out of global projects and their implementation in the CMDM system (e.g. Guest Customers, WeChat).
You are in direct exchange with our specialist departments (including IT, Data Analytics, ECOM...)
Continuous optimization of customer data quality across processes, functions and systems
Developing and implementing concepts for data quality rules for sustainable data quality management
Execution of data analyses and planning of data processes
Independently assume responsibility for tasks and sub-projects


Your profile:

You are studying or have already completed a degree in economics or a comparable course of study
You count analytical skills and conceptual thinking among your strengths
You work in a structured and careful manner
You have a very good command of written and spoken English
You have a sound knowledge of MS Office (especially Excel) and ideally have a basic understanding of IT applications (CRM system, campaign management system)
You enjoy working in a team, have good communication skills and are committed to your work


Your benefits:

Made for Me: three days in Metzingen and two days working remotely. Our hybrid working model "Threedom of work" is as individual as your personal needs.
Today. Tomorrow. Always. Sustainability is one of our key values, and more than just a trend. We are committed to environmental, animal and climate protection, and human rights.
Does innovation drive you? Same for us! We have digitized most of our workflows and almost fully automated our logistics centres.
Exclusive discounts for shopping and arts: benefit from discounts for family and friends along with free entrance to more than 15 international art museums.
High-performing people need a healthy balance. Take advantage of the employee gym, the beach volleyball field or yoga classes on the rooftop terrace.
As a fashion company, we value good taste in everything - including food. Welcome to our own restaurant and café, Times.


We are a global company with our employees representative of the world at large. Our inclusive culture embraces each person’s authenticity and individuality. We are committed to equal employment opportunity. And we believe our equitable work environment helps unleash your full potential and inspires you to thrive.

Diesen Job melden