Principal Applied Scientist - optimisation
Zalando
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Principal Applied Scientist - optimisation
Zalando - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Principal Applied Scientist (all genders)

Zalando operates Europe's largest fulfillment network for Fashion and Lifestyle products, shipping hundreds of millions of parcels to customers in 25 countries from 12+ fulfilment centers. As a Principal Applied Scientist in Fulfilment Capacity Management, you will work on forecasting and optimisation problems to help us provide the best possible delivery experience to our customers as efficiently as possible. By automating the capacity planning process for our fulfillment network, you enable our B2B Logistics customers to sell on multiple different marketplaces successfully.

INCLUSIVE BY DESIGN

At Zalando, our vision is to be inclusive by design. And this vision starts with our hiring - we do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity, sexual orientation, personal expression, ethnicity, religious belief, or disability status. You are welcome to leave out your picture, age, or marital status from your application. We only assess candidates on their qualifications and merit.

We want to provide you with a great candidate experience. Feel free to inform us of any accommodations you may need, so we can best support you throughout the hiring process.

do.BETTER - our diversity & inclusion strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/dobetter-our-diversity-and-inclusion-strategy
Our employee resource groups: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/our-employee-resource-groups

WHAT WE'D LOVE YOU TO DO (AND LOVE DOING)

Launch a completely new, data-driven software product to automate and optimize the Fulfillment Capacity planning process
Continuously explore, test and validate novel ways to optimize our Fulfillment Network based on scientific research
Work together with Software Engineers to deploy your solutions to production and operate themTake ownership of the complete research and development cycle, from data collection and architecture design to testing, implementation and maintenance
Contribute to the wider Applied Science community at Zalando by sharing knowledge and developing best practices
WE'D LOVE TO MEET YOU IF
You have scientific depth and breadth. You have a good overview over operations research, machine learning (especially for business problems including forecasting).
You have experience in machine learning, including practical applications as well as a strong understanding the underlying mathematical concepts
You have successfully developed solutions from early research through prototyping to production
Entrepreneurial and commercially minded attitude. You like to build pragmatic, scalable solutions that deliver business impact
Experience in the eCommerce Fulfillment / Supply Chain domain is a plus

OUR OFFER
Zalando provides a range of benefits, here's an overview of what you can expect. Ask your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about what we offer
Employee shares program
40% off fashion and beauty products sold and shipped by Zalando, 30% off Zalando Lounge, discounts from external partners
2 paid volunteering days a year
Hybrid working model with 60% (or more) remote per week, actual practice is up to each team to best support their collaboration
Work from abroad for up to 30 working days a year
27 days of vacation a year to start
Relocation assistance available (subject to prior agreement)
Family services, including counseling and support
Health and wellbeing options (including Gympass)
Mental health support and coaching available
Drive your development through our training platform and biannual peer-to-peer review



Learn all about Zalando and our values here: https://jobs.zalando.com/en/?gh_src=22377bdd1us

Diesen Job melden