PhD student (f/m/x)
Deutsches Zentrum für Neurodegenerative Erkrankungen
53127 Bonn
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases (DZNE) is a world-leading internationally oriented research center, committed to discovering new approaches to prevent and treat neurodegenerative diseases. To this end, researchers at ten DZNE sites across Germany pursue a translational and interdisciplinary strategy comprising five interconnected areas: fundamental research, clinical research, health care research, population health science, and systems medicine. www.dzne.de

PhD student (f/m/x)
Code: 1211/2023/5

The group of Dr. Daniele Bano investigates the contribution of mitochondrial bioenergetics to metabolic syndromes and neurodegenerative diseases. One of our research lines aims to identify molecular mechanisms that, through metabolic adaptation, can influence animal health span and longevity (Piazzesi A. et al, 2022; Jackson J. et al, 2022; Gioran A. et al, 2019; Piazzesi A. et al, 2016; Gioran A. et al, 2014). Additionally, we wish to explore gene-by-environment interactions in the context of degenerative processes associated with mitochondrial dysfunction (unpublished data; Bertan F. et al, 2021; Wischhof L. et al, 2018; Troulinaki K. et al, 2018; Meyer K. et al, 2015).

Your tasks

We are looking for a highly motivated and science-driven person to investigate the impact of mitochondrial function/dysfunction in microglia development and activity upon dietary challenges in iPSC-derived 2D cultures and cerebral organoids. Previous experience with induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) is a plus. The groundwork of this project builds on some of our recent published works (Wischhof L. et al, 2022; Bertan F. et al, 2020; Wischhof L. et al, 2017) and unpublished findings.

Requirements

We are searching for a doctoral candidate with a recent Master degree (or equivalent) and a background in experimental Life Science disciplines. The successful candidate has good communication skills, is a team player and has the necessary flexibility to adapt his/her work schedule according to various training activities. In this regard, the project is part of a an exciting and fully EU-funded consortium focusing on metabolism and neuroscience. For more information about allowance, benefits and eligibility requirements, please see https://projecteternity.eu.

We offer an exciting and fully funded research project; committed mentorship; an excellent scientific environment in a major center for translational neuroscience research; access to a structured doctoral program.

The DZNE offers an international environment characterized by a strong focus on science and research.

Apply now
Diesen Job melden