Data Scientist (f/m/d)
AppLike GmbH
Hamburg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
adjoe is a leading mobile ad platform developing cutting-edge advertising and monetization solutions that take its app partners’ business to the next level. Part of the applike group ecosystem, adjoe is home to an advanced tech stack, powerful financial backing from Bertelsmann, and a highly motivated workforce to be reckoned with.

Meet Your Team: BI and Data Science

There’s no tech company out there without data. All of our products and their development are based on data, which is why the BI & Data Science team is at the heart of every company process – including product development and decision-making processes.

To leverage this data, the team has a set of tools for every need. Spark and the right storage layers (AWS S3) ensure the team can efficiently work with hundreds of terabytes of data. Based on their deep understanding of business goals and KPIs, BI & Data Science can give advice to Business and Product teams through various knowledge-sharing sessions and workshops. And most importantly, we know that small teams with cross-functional talent are great environments to work and succeed in – which is why this team is also made up of data and cloud engineers.

As a part of the BI and Data Science team, you will help shape the future of adjoe’s core business and technologies, by driving intelligent solutions based on data and insights. You will have access to state-of-the-art technology and work closely with all business stakeholders to implement new approaches on how to leverage our data assets with new algorithms and ideas.
What You Will Do
You create, analyze and communicate reports and statistics for our business teams and partners.
You transform recurring analyses into KPIs and Dashboard Views we can easily monitor.
You drill into data from various sources (Redshift, Spark, SQL, Athena, S3, Druid event streams, AWS data pipeline) and write scripts to improve the processes.
You will work on ML models to predict user behavior, and/or optimize in-app retention and campaign distribution.
You are a strong communicator, love teaching people, and know how to deal with stakeholders.
You are able to express technical issues comprehensively in business language.
Who you are
You have 2 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical and machine learning models, with a Master’s or PhD degree in the STEM field.
You have excellent analytical & communication skills and like to use these on Python, R, or Scala as well as on Spreadsheets.
You have strong experience in developing machine learning models and driving insights.
You’re interested in big data and have outstanding experience in SQL.
You are self-confident and competent in communicating with clients.
You are able to dive deep into math and explain complex topics in an easy way.
You are a strong team player and enjoy helping others.
You are passionate about working with stakeholders and communicating insights in an effective manner.
Heard of Our Perks?
Tech Package: Create game-changing technologies and work with the newest technologies out there.
Work–Life Package: Work remotely for 2 days per week, enjoy flexible working hours and 30 vacation days, and work remotely for 3 weeks per year, a modern office in the city center, dog-friendly.
Relocation Package: Receive visa and legal support, a generous relocation subsidy, and free German classes in the office.
Never-Go-Hungry Package: Graze on regular company and team lunches, free breakfasts, and a selection of free snacks and drinks.
Health Package: Free in-house gym, and biweekly yoga classes.
Activity Package: Enjoy a host of team events, hackathons, and company trips.
Career Growth Package: Dedicated growth budget to attend relevant conferences and online seminars of your choosing.
Wealth Building: Virtual stock options.
Skip writing cover letters. Tell us about your most passionate personal project, your desired salary and your earliest possible start date. We are looking forward to your application!

We welcome applications from people who will contribute to the diversity of our Company.
Diesen Job melden