(Senior) Data Scientist
Emma – The Sleep Company
Frankfurt am Main
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Ready to lead, disrupt and reinvent the sleep industry?

We are Emma – The Sleep Company. Created in 2013, we are now the world's largest D2C sleep brand, available in over 30 countries and recommended by many consumer associations in EMEA, APAC, and the Americas. We're pushing the boundaries of technology to transform the world of sleep and we want your help to pull it off.
We're a highly ambitious, hard-working team that pushes you to produce your best work yet. We focus on how we approach problems, we chase growth, and set ambitious goals. Want your ideas to have an impact and your career to grow? Then Emma is the right place for you.
What you'll do:
You will create cutting-edge models and solutions to enhance and streamline marketing decision-making processes, seamlessly integrating them into our market-leading technology platform.
You will assess the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives by employing advanced techniques such as attribution analysis, incrementality tests, and media mix modeling. As well as translate the resulting insights into actionable strategies that will guide our marketing budget allocation.
You will leverage your expertise in handling extensive data sets to conduct comprehensive analyses from start to finish, including data preparation, modelling training, and thorough evaluation.
You will own, improve and promote best practices and scientific models for Machine Learning, advanced statistics and predictive modeling within the team.
You will join a dynamic Marketing Data Science team and collaborate closely with a talented group of Data Scientists, Engineers, and Analysts who bring diverse experience and skills to the table. Together, we will drive success across Emma's marketing efforts.
Who we're looking for:
You have a Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, applied mathematics, statistics or other related fields.
You have an in-depth experience in data science and the development of machine learning models.
You have a strong experience with Python and its common machine learning libraries (sklearn, Tensorflow/ PyTorch).
You show good knowledge of software engineering and database fundamentals.
You build on modern big data infrastructures to create scalable solutions.
You are passionate about data, technology and marketing.
You ideally have first experiences with cloud computing (AWS/ Azure).
You feel confident expressing yourself in the English language (both spoken & written).
What we offer:
A combination of personal and company growth to accelerate your career and help you reach your goals.
The chance to work on exciting and challenging projects either independently or as part of a dedicated, international team.
Responsibility and decision-making authority from day one—you'll create an impact with new, innovative ideas and help shape our company DNA.
To work and learn from experts in diverse fields and get to know your team members at exciting company events.
Become an Emmie

Emma is transforming the world of sleep - and we want the highest-performing people to help us pull it off. We want you. But only if you're willing to go all in. Only if you're willing to question, disrupt, innovate, and create from the ground up.



We proudly celebrate diversity. We are an equal-opportunity employer committed to promoting inclusion in our workplace. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, ethnic origin, religion or belief, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or age.

Our aim is to get back to you in a couple of days, however, we are currently receiving a large number of applications and this might lead to a delay in the process. We will get back to you as soon as possible!
Diesen Job melden