Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d)
AVL
Roding
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

ROD - Digitalization - Senior Data Analyst (m/f/d)
for our new location Roding



YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:




Working within the big data team to shape the future of mobility big data analytics
Involvement in design and development of mobility data driven solutions by using the state of the art big data techniques
Close cooperations with customers and partners (e.g., universities) to identify potential data driven business opportunities
Collecting, analyzing of customer data and developing rapid prototyping for proof of concept
Collaborating with technical experts from different application areas to deliver the AVL data driven solutions



YOUR PROFILE:




Degree in field of physics, maths, informatics or similar
Advanced experiences with python, jupyter notebook
Base knowledge in working with Terminal / Linux
Experiences with software development
Good understanding of databases (SQL, NoSQL)
Strong mathematical and analytical abilities
Communication and teamwork skills
Personality is more than anything!



WE OFFER:




Be part of our pioneering work– together with our customers we shape the future of mobility!
International and innovative collaboration rings a bell? That’s how we work.
Our technical and personal onboarding concept will help you to hop on easily.
We support lifelong learning: educate yourself, apply your knowledge and get creative.
Mobile working, flex-time and modern workplaces are part of our DNA.
We are deeply rooted in our values: respectful communication, care, openness, passion and trust



AVL Software and Functions GmbH is the center of competence for Powertrain Software- and Function Development, as well as Electronics and Systems integration. Our fields of activity include highly innovative projects in the area of Combustion Engines, E-Mobility and ADAS / AD.




Our vision “Why not – move different!” is challenging us to develop solutions for the future of mobility.

About AVL

AVL is one of the world’s leading mobility technology companies for development, simulation and testing in the automotive industry, and beyond. We provide concepts, solutions and methodologies in fields like vehicle development and integration, e-mobility, automated and connected mobility (ADAS/AD), and software for a greener, safer, better world of mobility.

Find out more: www.avl.com

You are interested in a job at AVL but you are not sure how to apply or want to know what happens after you send your application?

Check out our step-by-step guide

AVL is not just about cars. It's about changing the future. Together.
Location: Roding, DE
Company: AVL Software and Functions GmbH
Job Function: IT & Software
Contract Type: Permanent
Posting Date: May 26, 2023
Job ID: 27268
About AVL

AVL is one of the world’s leading mobility technology companies for development, simulation and testing in the automotive industry, and beyond. We provide concepts, solutions and methodologies in fields like vehicle development and integration, e-mobility, automated and connected mobility (ADAS/AD), and software for a greener, safer, better world of mobility.

Find out more: www.avl.com





Job Segment: Physics, Informatics, Linux, SQL, Database, Science, Technology

Diesen Job melden