Applied Geneticist (M/F/D)
LOHMANN BREEDERS GmbH
Cuxhaven
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Applied Geneticist (M/F/D)

Genetics Department
The right hen for every management – the right egg for every market. With this approach, LOHMANN BREEDERS has become the global leader for breeding laying hens.
To strengthen and expand the Genetics Department that is responsible for breeding the next generation of laying hens we are looking for a Applied Geneticist.
You will work within a team of quantitative geneticists and poultry scientists and work closely together with colleagues from our production, supply chain and marketing & sales departments.

Your tasks and duties:
As member of genetics team participate in all activities required to run a modern breeding program. As part of this interact with our research farms located in different regions of the world.

Improve processes related to the capture of phenotypic data.

Provide scientific advice to the technical service department to further enhance and maintain the performance potential of laying hens

Support the development of marketing material that highlights the characteristics and genetic potential of the Lohmann laying hen


Skills and Qualification:
PhD or MSc degree in agriculture with focus on poultry science or animal breeding/genetics. Applications from candidates with similar degrees or related qualifications are also welcomed

Experience in capturing and analysis field data is desirable

Poultry-related experience is of significant advantage

Ability to work independently and self-organized

Experience in the use of at least one statistical software package (R, SQL, SAS)

Ability to manage projects with people from various departments, located in different regions of the world.

Willingness to work in a variety of research and production environments

Ability and willingness to travel internationally

Fluent English speaker, command of German language is an advantage

This position is based in Germany, preferably located in the Cuxhaven Head office

Diesen Job melden