Master thesis: Learning Text-Video Embedding for In-Cabin Situation Analysis
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Karlsruhe
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

The Fraunhofer Institute of Optronics, System Technologies and Image Exploitation (IOSB), we translate the latest scientific findings into technical innovations and thus want to make our contribution to shaping the future.




Our team »Perceptual User Interfaces« offers you a master thesis for the conceptual design and development of a text-video representation learning for in-cabin situation analysis. In this thesis, we will research state-of-the art approaches for text-image representation learning. The aim of this approach is a better generalization to unseen data and domains. This thesis provides an opportunity to im-plement and evaluate latest deep learning approaches in the area of large language models (LLMs) and vision transformers (ViT). Fraunhofer IOSB is working on action recognition for human-machine interaction (HMI) in vehicle interiors.




You would like to write your 6-month full-time master thesis with us from 01 of October? Then apply now! Just a ten-minute walk from KIT's South Campus, your chance to become part of our renowned research institution awaits you.




What you will do

Design and development of a deep learning approach for text-video representation learning
Research of state-of-the art approaches for text-video representation learning
Implementation of state-of-the-art approaches and further development
Training of the approach on publicly available datasets for text-video representation learning
Evaluation of the approach in the area of action recognition in vehicle interiors


What you bring to the table

Enrollment at a college or university with a suitable field of study (e.g. computer science)
Prior knowledge in the areas of python and machine learning
Interest in the field of algorithm development
you have an independent and transparent way of working, commitment and reliability



What you can expect

Intensive supervision by members of our department
Ideal conditions for practical experience alongside your studies
You will have the opportunity to contribute and implement your own ideas
Good public transport connections



We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.

Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!




If you have any questions please contact:

David Lerch

Telefon: +49 721 6091-157

David.Lerch@iosb.fraunhofer.de

Fraunhofer Institute of Optronics, System Technologies and Image Exploitation IOSB




Requisition Number: 65684 Application Deadline:

Diesen Job melden