Scientific Computing Engineer
Schlumberger
Aachen
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
We are hiring – Computer Scientist / Engineer in Aachen Technology Center


About SLB:


We are a global technology company, driving energy innovation for a balanced planet.


At SLB we create amazing technology that unlocks access to energy for the benefit of all. That is our purpose. As innovators, that’s been our mission for 100 years. We are facing the world’s greatest balancing act- how to simultaneously reduce emissions and meet the world’s growing energy demands. We’re working on that answer. Every day, a step closer.


Our collective future depends on decarbonizing the fossil fuel industry, while innovating a new energy landscape. It’s what drives us. Ensuring progress for people and the planet, on the journey to net zero and beyond. For a balanced planet.


Location:


SLB Aachen Technology Center (AaTC), Germany


We develop modeling and planning software for geosciences.


Are you looking for an innovative way to support us in digital and environmental transformation? Our experts harness the latest technology and pioneer new ways to discover and evaluate hydrocarbon deposits while making real contributions to wider science. Our team employs modeling software for geoscience, and we are bridging the gap between requirements, development, and deployment for on-premises and cloud-based solutions.


The Computer Scientist develops according to business requirements, where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of many factors. The Computer Scientist oversees testing, debugging and fixes.


The talented people we hire are the most important part of our success. When you join us, you’re joining a community of experts that work together to extend the limits of what’s possible in our industry. From the exceptional training to our tailored approach to career development, the culture you’ll be part of here is just as exciting as the work you’ll do.


KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES


Planning, Analysis and Design
Understand rationale behind business requirements
Contribute to major feature planning
Contribute to analysis of how to best implement business requirements (can include build, buy or hybrid solutions)
Contribute to the design and architecture of new or reengineered software solutions
Help design solutions to meet objectives
Work with computer scientists across our Technology Centers to explore new tools, techniques to improve solution delivery
Working alongside product owners, software engineers and geoscientists, you will have the chance to learn skills in working with a Product development team.


Development, Integration, Testing, and Implementation
Write, update, and maintain in-house engineered software solutions
Configure in-house or purchased software to meet business requirements
Develop, review, and implement test strategies for software products and systems


Required Qualifications & Technical skills
Looking for Software developers with a master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Cybernetics, Mathematics, or a comparable academic degree
Experience in C++, Python
Good written and verbal English communication skills
Strong analytical, problem-solving organizational and prioritization skills
Willing to learn and we’ll train and support you to grow along
Ability to work well in a team


BlueFlex:


We are open to flexible, hybrid working with a combination of on-site & home working days.


SLB is an equal employment opportunity employer. Qualified applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or other characteristics protected by law
Diesen Job melden