Data Engineer/ Data Translator (m/f/d)
AGCO
Marktoberdorf
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

For our Aftersales Parts Team at our bavarian location Marktoberdorf we are looking for a




Data Engineer / Data Translator (m/f/d)
Ref.:95063


Matching the best machines, our spare parts supply is leading and satisfies the highest demands. We ensure the greatest possible operational capability, reliable machine running time and, as such, the optimum performance of our products. Our Aftersales division is currently rapidly growing, which means that you can actively contribute to shaping the future of our business. Constantly focussing on our customers' needs, you can expect a wide range of exciting tasks in the following areas: supply chain, data analytics, purchasing, sales, marketing, and dealer support – within a fully global team. We are proud to successfully manage the processes of change in agriculture through innovative, often digital solutions, thereby making a daily contribution to securing food for the world’s growing population.

The Data Translator will play a key role in the identification, development, and implementation of standardized data collection, pipeline and transformation. The ideal candidate will have the expected mathematical and statistical expertise, combined with a rare curiosity and creativity. This person will wear many hats in the role, but much of the focus will be on building out our Python ETL processes and writing superb SQL. Beyond technical process, the data engineer will need soft skills for clearly communicating highly complex data trends to organizational leaders. We’re looking for someone willing to jump right in and help the company get the most from its data.


What You Will Do


You work with data to solve business problems, building and maintaining the cloud infrastructure (AWS) to answer questions and improve processes
You help streamline our data science workflows in Databricks, adding value by improving the performance through reduction in cost
You work closely with the data science and business intelligence teams to develop data models and pipelines for research, reporting, and machine learning.
You collaborating with IT to understand best data practices and implement it
You are the Interface between business and technical team to talk through the implementation, changes, and impact, along with gather feedback
You model front-end and back-end data sources to help draw a more comprehensive picture of user flows throughout the system and to enable powerful data analysis
You build data pipelines that clean, transform, and aggregate data from different sources


What You Will Bring


A Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in computer science, information technology, engineering, or related discipline
Three or more years of experience with Python, SQL, and data visualization/exploration tools
Familiarity with the AWS ecosystem, specifically athena and Redshift
Experience in building or maintaining ETL processes


What We Offer

We welcome you to our appreciative, open corporate culture – with a great team spirit and good work atmosphere. We offer attractive, fair remuneration, with additional insurance and pension schemes. We attach great importance to supporting you in your individual work-life balance – your health is important to us. As part of our Corporate Health Management, you will benefit from intensive company medical care, advice on social matters, numerous sports programs, and much more. Your ideas and your personal and professional development are important to us. We look forward to developing your full potential together with you and shaping the future of sustainable agriculture.


The AGCO Corporation

AGCO is a major worldwide manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment. AGCO offers a full product line including tractors, combines, hay tools, sprayers, forage equipment and implements through more than 3,000 independent dealers and distributors in over 140 countries.

Diesen Job melden