Polymer-Elektrolyt / Batterie-Wissenschaftler (w/m/d)
​Theion GmbH
Berlin
Schnellbewerbung

POLYMER ELECTROLYTE / BATTERY SCIENTIST (F/M/D)



YOUR TASKS
For this position we are looking for an independent and outgoing candidate to join our scientific team
within our constantly evolving startup environment. You will be designing and developing polymeric
materials for battery cells based on sulfur. The ability to independently design and execute experiments,
data analysis, and collaboration with our team will be highly important. You will be involved closely into
our patent writing processes. You should bring experience in materials design and characterization and
ideally have sulfur battery materials experience. Are you an experienced polymer scientist and you aim for
efficient development processes, pragmatic approaches to solutions and a goal-oriented implementation
of projects? Then become part of one of the most innovative high-tech start-ups in Berlin.



OUR REQUIREMENTS
• Hands on Experience in synthesis and characterization of (polymeric) materials and battery

(active) materials (e.g. SEM, XPS, RAMAN, IR, Impedance spectroscopy, etc.)

Deep understanding of mixed ion/electron conductive polymers and Li+ dominant solid or
quasi solid-state polymer electrolytes

Professional experience in the fields of polymer electrolyte development for batteries,

composite materials and electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS)



YOUR PROFILE
• 3+ years of materials processing experience in industry with Master or preferred PhD in

Chemistry, Material Science, Physics or related subjects with a background in
Electrochemistry, Material Science, Nanomaterials and/or Polymer Chemistry

Excellent knowledge of chemistry (organic, polymer, inorganic), electrochemistry and
materials science and related characterization techniques would be preferable
Capable of executing projects from planning to developing to manufacturing
Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team in a dynamic, fast-paced work environment
Good English communication skills and proactive, team oriented and analytic workstyle

OUR JOINT GOAL
We offer you the opportunity to work on the development of our revolutionary battery technology as part
of our core team. You will receive a high degree of responsibility and freedom to take decisions in a
dynamic working environment on the threshold of industrialization.



ABOUT THEION
Headquartered in Berlin, Germany, Theion GmbH is entering the mobile battery market with a unique
solution for the biggest energy storage problems of the world. Theion designs and produces Crystal
Batteries for applications from aerospace, portable devices, wearables, to vehicles on land, sea and in the
air. By using sulfur in its crystal form, an abundantly available material, without harmful mining and at 99%
lower cost than state-of-the-art cathode materials, Theion’s cells are targeting to triple the energy density,
extending usage time and range by factor three.



Interested? Then contact us with your complete application documents via career@theion.de



Reference: s05_Polymer_Electrolyte_Battery_Scientist

Theion GmbH · Fanny-Zobel-Strasse 11 · 12435 Berlin · www.theion.de

Diesen Job melden