Software Developer - Scientific Payload Processing (w/m/d)
Telespazio Germany GmbH
Darmstadt
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Reference:
J23063


Location:
Headquarter \ Darmstadt \ Germany


Category:
Software Solutions


Who You Are

Welcome to Space: We are looking for an experienced software developer with a profound background in developing scientific data processing and remote sensing applications!

You will be part of a team of remote sensing experts and software developers to develop satellite payload data processing applications for Earth Observation missions. As a scientific developer, you will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining cutting-edge visualization tools that empower users to analyse and interpret complex data sets in an intuitive and visually appealing manner. Your initial focus will be on developing a monitoring and visualization tool for data products of a cloud optical properties retrieval.

The work will be carried out in close cooperation with the Remote Sensing Department of our customer EUMETSAT.

You should like to work with scientific data as well as having an affinity to software development.

This full-time and permanent position with an immediate starting date is based at our headquarters in Darmstadt, with occasional presence at EUMETSAT.

We are looking forward to meeting you!

What You Will Focus on
Development of satellite payload data processing applications, with focus on product quality monitoring and visualisation tools;
Active participation in all phases of a project lifecycle: requirement specifications, preliminary designs, development, integration, testing and final release of production software.
Creating and maintaining respective technical and scientific documentation;
Work closely together with other teams, e.g. operations, to support a smooth uptake of the developed solutions.
What You Bring
University degree in Computer Science, Physics, Meteorology, or other relevant discipline.

Essentially

Profound experience in scientific software development;
Strong proficiency with Python, optimally including visualization toolboxes, e.g. PyQT, PySide, VisPy;
Experience using data bases, such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle
Comfortable working in Linux, shell/bash;
Having a user-oriented perspective;

Desirably

Experience with IDL;
Understanding of cloud/aerosol optical properties retrievals;
Software versioning and collaboration tools, e.g. Git, SVN;
Having worked within the space industry.
What We Offer
Highly international environment: You will work with talented and motivated people from different cultural backgrounds on very diverse and dynamic topics, always dealing with innovation and cutting-edge technologies that help our world advance.
Work-life balance: Flexible work schedules, remote working, 30 days of annual leave and an additional 2.5 days of paid leave.
Financial benefits: Company pension plan, net wage optimisation programme incl. IT/bicycle leasing, employer loans, etc.
Relocation support: We support your move to Germany with helping you with your VISA Process, as well as with an optional relocation fee
Career development: For us, further education and training are an essential part of people management, because this is the only way we can achieve our goal, namely a long-term and successful work relationship with you.
Company events and activities: Summer BBQs, Christmas parties and more! Plus, access to social clubs organised by EUMETSAT and ESOC in Darmstadt.
How to Apply

Are you passionate about making an impact, with an open and curious mentality? Get in touch with us today and send us your application!

Your HR Contact for this position is Ibtisem Midani.

Diesen Job melden