Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Senior Product Manager, Fraud (Remote)
Hopper
Berlin
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
About the job
At Hopper, we have ambitious growth plans and that comes with the knowledge that we need to provide a secure and reliable platform to monetize our vision, minimize fraud, and drive value in our supply chain. The Fraud team is responsible for fighting against all forms of fraud (such as payment fraud, compromised accounts, marketplace and promotions fraud), while working to ensure that a customer’s experience is both as safe and as frictionless as possible.

In this role, you will be a hands-on leader, fostering a culture of customer obsession with product sense and driving the team towards achieving its goals. You will lead the product development process, ensuring that the customer experience is secure, frictionless and seamless when booking travel through Hopper. Your expertise in payments and fraud management will allow you to take ownership of our relationships with fraud providers and establish efficient processes for fighting chargebacks.

As a Product Leader for Fraud, you will bring a combination of strategic thinking, leadership, and technical know-how to the table. You will inspire your team to think creatively and deliver innovative solutions while maintaining a focus on customer experience and data measurement in the online travel space. In this role, you will have the opportunity to drive significant value and make a lasting impact on the future of Hopper.
What we’re looking for
Product management experience leading fraud teams (payment fraud specifically)
Knowledge on fraud/risk management, payments, is a must; e-Commerce fraud; Marketplace is preferable
Has 5+ years of experience in the payment fraud space
You enjoy having a strategic impact, connecting with other leaders on opportunities
You can guide a data science team with the right questions to answer, turn those answers into business value, and leverage analytics to drive product decisions
More about Hopper

At Hopper, we are on a mission to become the world’s best — and most fun — place to book travel. By leveraging massive amounts of data, advanced machine learning algorithms, Hopper combines its world-class travel agency offering with proprietary fintech products to help customers spend less and travel better. Ranked the third largest online travel agency in North America, the app has been downloaded nearly 80 million times and continues to gain market share globally.

Here are just a few stats that demonstrate the company’s recent growth:

Hopper sold around $4 billion in travel and travel fintech in 2022, up nearly 3X over 2021. In 2022, Hopper increased its revenue 2.5X year-over year.

The company’s bespoke fintech products, such as Flight Disruption Guarantee and Price Freeze, now represent 30-40% of Hopper’s total app revenue.

Given the success of its fintech products, Hopper launched a B2B initiative called Hopper Cloud in late 2021. Through this partnership program, any travel provider (airlines, hotels, banks, travel agencies, etc.) can integrate and seamlessly distribute Hopper’s fintech or travel inventory. As its first Hopper Cloud partnership, Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.

Hopper partnered with Capital One to co-develop Capital One Travel, a new travel portal designed specifically for cardholders.

Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies by Fast Company four years in a row, Hopper has been downloaded over 80 million times and continues to have millions of new installs each month.

Hopper has raised over $700 million USD of private capital and is backed by some of the largest institutional investors and banks in the world. Hopper is primed to continue its acceleration as the world’s fastest-growing mobile-first travel marketplace.

Come take off with us!
Diesen Job melden