Senior Consultant Generative AI (m/f/d)*
Munich Re
München
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Senior Consultant Generative AI (m/f/d)*

Company
Munich Re
Location
Munich , Germany

for the Data & Analytics Division (DAA) – Augmented Data Management & NLP


The Data and Analytics division (DAA) drives and coordinates Munich Re’s agenda on data, advanced analytics, machine learning and AI. Our goal is to enable new and better business via data-centric solutions and create new strategic options through data & analytics excellence.

The Data Management & Engineering department in DAA develops technology, capabilities, and processes to create, share, and consume high-quality data assets throughout the entire Munich Re Group.

The Augmented Data Management & NLP team works closely together with business units across the globe and throughout the Munich Re Group including ERGO and is responsible for the development of solutions and services related to AI-driven processing of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.

To accelerate our journey towards data-driven decision making, we are looking for an experienced Conversational AI expert with a passion for data, creative product thinking, and an entrepreneurial mindset to solve a range of exciting challenges in the (re-)insurance space.

Your Job

Shape vision and roadmap around the application of (Large) Language Models in Munich Re’s core reinsurance business
Shape and innovate new Natural Language Processing (NLP) solutions based on business requirements
Build strategy around the integration of software / AI vendors and the open-source community to complement our existing solution suite
Leading agile cross-functional delivery teams on-site & near-shore
Interact with global stakeholders of our business units across Life and Non-life (Re-) Insurance
Embrace trends and new developments in generative AI and innovate ideas on their integration into Munich Re’s processes

Your Profile

University degree (Master and above) in computer science, physics, maths, statistics or an equivalent degree, emphasis in NLP is a plus
Multiple years of experience in agile project management and steering of customer-facing AI/NLP solutions at scale
Outstanding theoretical and practical understanding in deep learning techniques, especially NLP. Expertise in related technology and software including recent developments in models, libraries and frameworks
Excellent presentation, strategic thinking, consulting and project management skills.
Demonstrated interest in taking ownership of technical initiatives from coordination to implementation.
Solid knowledge of software development best practices (version control, testing), architecture design, object-oriented programming, data structure and algorithms
Readiness to embrace innovation, forward-looking, Group-wide manner of thinking and action, pronounced service focus, ability to work in a team, and a very high level of commitment
High level of accountability, capability to deal with uncertainty and execute in an ambiguous environment
Experience in the insurance, risk management or financial services industry is a plus
Very good command of English and a willingness to travel


About us


As the world's leading reinsurance company with more than 11,000 employees at over 50 locations, Munich Re introduces a paradigm shift in the way you think about insurance. By turning uncertainty into a manageable risk we enable fundamental change. Join us working on topics today that will concern society tomorrow, whether that be climate change, major construction projects, medical risk assessment or even space travel.

Together we embrace a culture where multiskilled teams dare to think big. We create the new and the different for our clients and cultivate innovation.

Sounds like you? Push boundaries with us and be part of Munich Re.

Our employees are our greatest strength. That’s why we offer them a wide range of benefits. You can find some examples below.




Unlock your potential

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion: we embrace the power of differences and are convinced that diversity fosters innovation and resilience and enables us to act braver and better.
Continuous Learning: we believe that continuous learning is a key differentiator and critical for building new skills and accelerating growth.
Career Mobility: we actively support career mobility, and our strong global and regional presence offers a wealth of career growth opportunities for you.


Rewards & Recognition

Competitive salary: appropriate compensation for your high level of commitment.
Retirement provision: state of the art in-house pension solutions.
Work-life balance: promoting the compatibility of family and work in addition to overall work-life balance.
Health management: focus on your physical and mental health far beyond legal requirements.
Hybrid working: living the best of both worlds – we offer you a very flexible approach as well as the opportunity to work from abroad on an occasional basis.
Munich Re not only stands for fairness with regard to its clients; it is also an equal opportunities employer. Severely disabled candidates will also be prioritized, if equally qualified.

Münchener Rückversicherungs-Gesellschaft
Marika Schwertner • HR Consultant
Königinstraße 107 • 80802 München • GERMANY

Apply now!

Diesen Job melden