Co-Founder & AI Developer
TP GmbH
81677 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

You are passionate about new AI technologies, want to create a positive impact with your AI know-how and have a true entrepreneurial spirit?

Then become a
Co-Founder & AI Developer
for the AI Coach!

Our purpose (as Timmermann Group): "To help humanity change for the better". "AI Coach" is a company- and investor-backed startup dedicated to leveraging the latest advancements in artificial intelligence and our know-how of 1:1 coaching and learning to develop an AI coach that helps people achieve their personal and professional development goals. More about this exciting project below.

We are seeking a Co-Founder & AI Architect (ideally with the ability to code as well).

There are exciting tasks waiting for you, e.g. ...

As a Co-Founder and AI Developer, you will be responsible for designing and implementing the software components of our joint AI solutions. You will work closely with the other Co-Founders to ensure that our joint AI products are "ahead of the game", reliable, and efficient.

Design and develop software components of our AI solutions
Collaborate with the other co-founders to develop AI solutions that meet the needs of our clients
Have fun together working on an inspiring project with a ton of potential :o)
Implement data and machine learning pipelines to support our AI solutions
Develop and maintain automated testing procedures to ensure the reliability and performance of our AI solutions
Evaluate the performance of our AI solutions and identify areas for improvement
Work with our AI Architect co-founder to ensure that our AI solutions are scalable, reliable, and secure
Provide guidance and mentorship to other members of the team on AI development best practices

Domain
AI technologies

Location
Within 1.5 hours flight distance to Munich

Position
Co-Founder & AI Developer

Starting Date
As soon as possible




Michael Timmermann
Founder & CEO of the Timmermann Group




"The AI Coach has the potential to fundamentally change the way machines interact with people - not only in coaching situations. Let's really make a difference together!"

What you bring to the team ...

At least 2 years of experience (unless you're so good that you can compensate for that) as a Python developer, ideally in the AI realm

Strong understanding of AI technologies, natural language processing, AI methods and trends

Experience with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch

Strong entrepreneurial mindset and behavior

Knowledge of database technologies

Strong problem-solving and analytical skills

Excellent communication and teamwork skillsFluent English (German is a plus)

Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field is a plus.

But in the end, you need to be great at doing your job

We offer ...

Own financing plus access to other investors

Crucial content know-how including 1:1 coaching

The tools you need to do your job

Management and entrepreneurial experience

Strategy/management consulting

Agile coaches and agile project management

A wonderful company culture with a warm atmosphere and a lot of learning potential

Marketing & sales know-how

Network with access, e.g., to big technology providers to leverage their platforms etc.

Complete infrastructure:

Wonderful new work office

IT support and equipment

Office assistance

Accounting, tax, legal advice

HR team, e.g., for recruiting

Support in operational and legal setup of the company

Interested?

Contact Michael Timmermann directly




Or give us a call
+49 89 413 244 808

Timmermann Group • Stuntzstraße 16 • 81677 München

The AI-Coach
What we offer

1:1 coaching is a very well established multi billion dollar industry. This encompasses life coaching for private individuals as well as executive coaching for companies. This service is very expensive (typically between 75 and 350 dollars an hour).

We automatize this by creating a revolutionary AI coach that helps people learn to deal with challenges in their private & working lives.

For a fraction of the cost of a human coach, users will be able to have freely flowing and extremely helpful conversations with the AI coach that go far beyond receiving advice. The AI coach will help people to develop their own solutions to their challenges and problems. This means a sustainable and practical impact instead of theoretical input.

The AI coach technology will be applicable to many other fields. AI coaching means greatly improving conversations of many kinds, which will also be applicable, e.g., in customer service, sales and many other areas.

Target group

Private individuals and companies

Challenges
Be fast in light of the current development in the AI market.
Transfer human intuition to the product.
Use our distinctive coaching know-how to create a greatly superior product with unrivaled customer benefits.
Despite rapid market developments, create an appropriate AI architecture.
Our story so far

The purpose of the Timmermann Group is "To help humanity change for the better". It's one of the most successful change companies with tens of millions of dollars in lifetime revenue: timmermannpartners.com

We have a large customerbase and many fans of our unique change, learning and coaching philosophy.

Part of our services is 1:1 coaching. We have thousands of hours of experience. However, most people in the world cannot use this service due to the high cost.

Already 8 years ago, our founder and CEO, Michael Timmermann, said: "Technology to the rescue!" ;o) He had the idea to create an AI coach that will revolutionize the way people deal with their private and professional challenges and how they learn.

The AI coach technology will be applicable to many other fields. AI coaching means greatly improving conversations of many kinds, which will also be applicable, e.g., in customer service, sales and many other areas.

We have deep relevant know-how, financing, customers, a complete infrastructure, a backoffice team, a product owner to manage the project, agile coaches and much more.
There is a great potential for this startup to be acquired by a large tech company. This would allow our technology to impact most people's lives all over the world.

Let’s continue writing this story together!

Diesen Job melden