wiss. Mitarbeiter:in / Doktorand:in / Postdoc (m/w/d) in Beschleuniger-Massenspektrometrie
Technische Universität Dresden
01069 Dresden
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Technische Universität Dresden (TUD), as a University of Excellence, is one of the leading and most
dynamic research institutions in the country. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented,
regionally anchored top university as it focuses on the grand challenges of the 21st century. It
develops innovative solutions for the world's most pressing issues. In research and academic
programs, the university unites the natural and engineering sciences with the humanities, social
sciences and medicine. This wide range of disciplines is a special feature, facilitating interdisciplinarity
and transfer of science to society. As a modern employer, it offers attractive working conditions to all
employees in teaching, research, technology and administration. The goal is to promote and develop
their individual abilities while empowering everyone to reach their full potential. TUD embodies a
university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, mutual appreciation, thriving innovation
and active participation. For TUD diversity is an essential feature and a quality criterion of an excellent
university. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who would like to commit themselves, their
achievements and productivity to the success of the whole institution.

At the Faculty of Physics, Institute of Nuclear and Particle Physics the Chair of Accelerator Mass
Spectrometry and Isotope Research offers a position as



Research Associate / PhD student / Postdoc (m/f/x)
in Accelerator Mass Spectrometry

(subject to personal qualification employees are remunerated according to salary group E 13 TV-L)



starting as soon as possible. The position is initially limited to 2 years with 100% of the full-time
weekly hours for a Postdoc resp. 3 years with up to 75% of the full-time weekly hours for a PhD
student, with the option of extension. The period of employment is governed by the Fixed Term
Research Contracts Act (Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz - WissZeitVG). The position offers the chance
to obtain further academic qualification (usually PhD/habilitation thesis).

Topics and Work Location: At the Chair of Accelerator Mass Spectrometry and Isotope Research
(AMS), new technologies are being developed and a state-of-the-art AMS system with the highest
sensitivity for a range of rare radionuclides is being set-up in collaboration with the Helmholtz-
Zentrum Dresden-Rossendorf (HZDR). Our main research focus areas include:

Nuclear Astrophysics: how are the elements made in nature? Detection of nearby
Supernovae
Environmental Research: anthropogenic and natural radionuclides as environmental
markers
Climate of the Past & Geological Applications: cosmogenic radionuclides in terrestrial
archives
Fundamental Physics: search for Dark Matter, neutrinos in the past, nuclear properties.

Tasks: Development of new measurement strategies for ultra-sensitive low-energy AMS. This
includes

new measurement strategies for AMS of rare earth elements and actinides using an ion cooler
automated tuning procedures (in collaboration with Univ. of Vienna and HZDR)
developments of machine learning (ML)-algorithms for optimization of beam parameters and
control of relevant components

remote or autonomous measurements requiring a high degree of automation of controlling
the measurement process as well as data acquisition and analysis.

The work will be performed in close collaboration with the AMS colleagues at HZDR.

Requirements: very good research-oriented university degree and, if applicable, PhD degree in a
discipline that is relevant to our research fields (such as physics, computer science, electrical or
electronic engineering, chemistry, geology), very good programming skills. The knowledge of Python,
C and other software engineering or programming languages for accelerator facilities is
advantageous.

What we offer: are you enthusiastic in interdisciplinary research? You will have the opportunity to
become part of a dynamic and expanding team that runs state-of-the-art AMS facilities, that develops
and applies new world-leading single-atom counting techniques. You will join a team with strong
international collaborations and with established expertise in accelerator mass spectrometry
applications in geological, environmental science and in nuclear astrophysics.

TUD strives to employ more women in academia and research. We therefore expressly encourage
women to apply. The University is a certified family-friendly university and offers a Dual Career
Service. We welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. If multiple candidates prove to be
equally qualified, those with disabilities or with equivalent status pursuant to the German Social Code
IX (SGB IX) will receive priority for employment.

Please submit your detailed application with the usual documents by
June 23, 2023 (stamped arrival date of the university central mail service
applies), preferably via the TU Dresden SecureMail Portal
https://securemail.tu-dresden.de by sending it as a single pdf file to anton.wallner@tu-dresden.de
or to: TU Dresden, Fakultät Physik, Institut für Kern- und Teilchenphysik, Professur für
Beschleuniger-Massenspektrometrie und Isotopenforschung, Herrn Prof. Dr. Anton Wallner,
Helmholtzstr. 10, 01069 Dresden, Germany. Please submit copies only, as your application will not
be returned to you. Expenses incurred in attending interviews cannot be reimbursed.

Reference to data protection: Your data protection rights, the purpose for which your data will be processed,
as well as further information about data protection is available to you on the website: https://tu-
dresden.de/karriere/datenschutzhinweis.

Diesen Job melden