Data Engineer for eCommerce (m/f/d)
Trading EU GmbH
85461 Bockhorn
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your mission

We are constantly growing and so are the amounts of data in our company: facing this challenge, we want to gradually open up new ways of processing and analyzing all data streams.
Are you looking for a role as Data Engineer to support our successful journey? We want to meet you!

Who are we?


"Lift and move" - that is our mission: we are a young and owner-managed eCommerce company fully dedicated to transportation and warehousing products.
Our Business Intelligence team currently consists of two colleagues who process, prepare, analyze and transform data into relevant information - mainly using MS SQL and visualizing it in Tableau.
All our teams are committed to a mindset that is characterized by continuous learning and are hungry for new ideas and personal development. Our shared corporate values "Own it - Do it - Stay hungry - Take part" are no empty words - we do live them!

Your responsibilities

You are responsible for setting up data import processes and turning vast amounts of data into insightful and easy-to-use reports with continuous high quality of our data. This contains:
Development, design and optimization of data models
Automation of data interfaces
Implementation of data pipelines to transfer to a data warehouse
You identify and resolve bottlenecks in existing data pipelines and SQL-queries to improve performance and reduce processing delays
You work closely with our Data Analyst, who will provide you with data from the Product Services, Marketplaces and Shop teams and hand it to you in an analyzed and cleansed form

The continuous optimization of our system and data performance are as much part of your daily tasks as the improvement of the data infrastructure.
Still with us? Great! If you can imagine yourself doing all this in a challenging environment with a hands-on mentality, you might just be the one who’s right for a key role in the heart of our company.


Your profile

You have a degree with a focus on computer science, business informatics, data engineering, data analytics or a comparable qualification
You have at least three years of professional experience as a data engineer with focus on business intelligence/analytics, data analytics and (cloud) data warehousing
You already have practical experience and sound knowledge in the following areas:
Building and operating data pipelines/Big Data frameworks and using relevant tools and concepts in this area
Software development in one or more modern programming and scripting languages (especially SQL, Python)
You’re fluent in English, German language skills are a plus. An essential requirement, however, is to work within the same time zone (CET +/- two hours).


Why us?

We are big fans of good communication and a good team spirit. Regular feedback sessions are therefore important to us.
Remote work is possible. But that doesn't mean you're on your own. Regular dailies and communication tools make sure to always be in contact with your team.
Work in an agile and dynamic work environment with SCRUM
A collaborative and supportive team. No one's an island - we're all here to help each other when we need to. Hopefully, we can teach you some stuff and we're excited to find out what you can teach us too.

Does that sound like an opportunity you don’t want to miss? We are very looking forward to receiving your CV and motivation letter!

About us

The company Trading EU, based in Bockhorn near Erding, is an owner-managed, medium-sized and globally active eCommerce company with attached warehouse and logistics centre, which has been in existence since 2005.

As a specialist supplier of high-quality industrial products, consumables and operating materials, we see ourselves as a reliable partner for lifting and pulling technology, labels as well as monitor and TV mounts.

We offer our commercial as well as private customers well-founded technical know-how, highest quality and quality standards, uncomplicated and fast order processing as well as an exemplary understanding for service and consulting.

As our company is constantly growing, we are looking for enthusiastic and motivated new employees who will contribute with innovative spirit to accompany this process and continue to offer our partners the high quality of service they are used to.

Diesen Job melden