Coordinator for research and structured qualification of doctoral researchers in data science (m/f/d)
Universitätsklinikum Freiburg
79110 Freiburg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
For coordinating SMART and more generally the scientific activities with the CRC, starting August 1st, 2023, or later, we are looking for a
Coordinator for research and structured qualification of doctoral researchers in data science (m/f/d)
The new Collaborative Research Center (CRC) 1597 “Small Data”, located at the University of Freiburg, is developing methods for using artificial intelligence techniques and modeling for discovering complex patterns also in relatively small data sets, as frequently needed in biomedicine. This requires a highly interdisciplinary approach that combines expertise from computer science, mathematics, statistics, biomedicine and systems modelling. The CRC also comprises the SMART Research Training Group, for educating the next generation of scientists in these fields and in particular establishing a shared language among researchers from the different disciplines.
Your Responsibilities:
establish and manage the SMART program for structured qualification of doctoral researchers, including development and implementation of policies and procedures as well as the curriculum for graduate programs
work closely with CRC principal investigators to develop and execute research plans and to coordinate research activities across participating institutions from multiple disciplines
provide guidance to doctoral researchers and postdoctoral fellows
implement measures to promote diversity and scientific careers
coordinate with other staff to ensure that all aspects of the initiative are well integrated
organize scientific symposia and retreats
represent the CRC and SMART at national and international conferences
prepare and deliver presentations and reports on progress and outcomes to internal and external stakeholders
Your Qualifications:
Doctoral degree in a data science related field, including natural sciences or life sciences
international research experience
experience in managing interdisciplinary research projects or graduate programs
excellent organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills
ability to work independently and as part of a multicultural team, including development of creative novel solutions
strong analytical skills and experience with data analysis software
excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
We Offer:
a highly interdisciplinary and well-equipped research environment
a multicultural team of researchers and collaborators
participation in job-oriented training, continuing education and further education opportunities
flexible working hours
social benefits (e.g., Jobticket, Hansefit)

Living in Freiburg: Freiburg is located in southwestern Germany at the foot of the Black Forest, near the Swiss and French borders. Lonely Planet ranked Freiburg #3 in the top 10 "Best in Travel City Destinations of the World 2022".
This position is part- or full-time (50% - 100%), with a fixed-term contract initially until June 2027. Salary and benefits will be in accordance with the regulations for German state employees (TV-L). The initial appointment is for four years, with the possibility of extension.
Please submit a cover letter expressing your interest in the position as well as outlining your qualifications and experience, your CV, academic transcripts, certificates and the contact details of at least two referees from an academic or professional setting by clicking on the “Apply Now” button until 18.06.2023.
Further inquiries can be directed to:
Dr. Nadine Binder the principal investigator of SMART
Institute of General Practice/Family Medicine
nadine.binder@uniklinik-freiburg.de or
Prof. Dr. Harald Binder the speaker of the CRC
Institute of Medical Biometry and Statistics
harald.binder@uniklinik-freiburg.de

More details about the CRC 1597 Small Data are available on our website: https://www.smalldata-initiative.de/.
General information: Salary is assigned according to a pay scale. Unless prevented by operational or legal reasons, full-time positions are generally open to those wishing to job share. Where two candidates are equally suitable for a post, severely disabled candidates are given priority. Employment decisions are made by the Personnel Department.
Diesen Job melden