Team Lead Business Analytics - Fashion Proposition (all genders)
Zalando
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Team Lead Business Analytics - Fashion Proposition (all genders)
Zalando - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
ABOUT THE TEAM

Department: Fashion Analysis & Insights.

Reports to: Head Category Analysis & Insights.

TEAM LEAD BUSINESS ANALYTICS - FASHION PROPOSITION

As Team Lead of Business Analytics, you will develop the team's talent and strategy. You will play a key role in the Fashion Proposition team as your team will impact how we make investment decisions and how we deliver what our customers love.

To serve our +51m customers, we offer +5,800 brands and millions of articles; the Proposition teams are responsible for selecting and curating this offer. The Fashion Analysis & Insights team help them in making these decisions. For example, these colleagues will come to you to ask which part of the assortment is bringing value to our customers, to our partners and to Zalando. With sophisticated analysis, you and your team can understand our customer's preferences for our most loved brands and suggest investing.

INCLUSIVE BY DESIGN

At Zalando, our vision is to be inclusive by design. And this vision starts with our hiring - we do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity, sexual orientation, personal expression, ethnicity, religious belief, or disability status. You are welcome to leave out your picture, age, or marital status from your application. We only assess candidates on their qualifications and merit.

We want to provide you with a great candidate experience. Feel free to inform us of any accommodations you may need, so we can best support you throughout the hiring process.

do.BETTER - our diversity & inclusion strategy: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/dobetter-our-diversity-and-inclusion-strategy

Our employee resource groups: https://corporate.zalando.com/en/our-impact/our-employee-resource-groups

WHAT WE'D LOVE YOU TO DO (AND LOVE DOING)
Lead and develop a team of high-performing business analysts. Own their engagement and support their continuous growth. You raise the bar higher and ensure all team members generate value and their work is recognised.
You are the most important partner for our Merchandising and Buying leadership teams because you and your team answer complex business questions supporting decisions regarding the optimal assortment for Zalando customers.
Avoid working in silos by collaborating with cross-functional leaders from Applied Science, Product, Content and Customer Analytics to drive innovation. You incorporate data from different sources within and outside of Zalando to drive projects.
Based on the Zalando Group Strategy, you build the Business Analytics Roadmap for your team, and you are accountable for delivering with high quality and on time.
Bring the data-driven analytical approach to the Fashion Proposition commercial teams; you generate hypotheses and try to test them by performing descriptive, exploratory and quantitative analyses. You can translate data into actionable insights for the business. You know when a hypothesis can only be tested by an experiment, and you can help create and drive them.
WE'D LOVE TO MEET YOU IF
Proven track record of 7+ years experience in analytics with 2+ years of experience managing and developing analytics teams in a digital environment. A university degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Quantitative social science, or a comparable subject.
Strong technical background with advanced SQL skills and programming background (e.g. Python, R, Jupyter Notebooks, Databricks). Excellent knowledge in coding for data retrieval, exploration and analysis. Advanced statistical skills such as A/B testing and causal inference. Constant drive and tenacity to learn new techniques and tools are a must.
Understanding of the economics of online platforms and/or online fashion retailers, as well as the commercial KPIs governing their success.
Effective communication to convince any audience with the insights you and your team generate and compelling storytelling in any form enables I decision-making.
Enjoy working cross-functionally; you have great stakeholder management skills to work with different levels of management to support, challenge and bring solutions.
Hands-on mentality, a person who always finds solutions to challenges. You are proactive, can adapt quickly to changes and always remain focused on our quality objectives.
OUR OFFER

Zalando provides a range of benefits, here's an overview of what you can expect. Ask your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about what we offer.

Employee shares program
40% off fashion and beauty products sold and shipped by Zalando, 30% off Zalando Lounge, discounts from external partners
2 paid volunteering days a year
Hybrid working model with 60% (or more) remote per week, actual practice is up to each team to best support their collaboration
Work from abroad for up to 30 working days a year
27 days of vacation a year to start
Relocation assistance available (subject to prior agreement)
Family services, including counseling and support
Health and wellbeing options (including Gympass)
Mental health support and coaching available



Learn all about Zalando and our values here: https://jobs.zalando.com/en/?gh_src=22377bdd1us

Diesen Job melden