Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Associate Scientist - Kit and Assay Verification (f/m/d)
Resolve BioSciences GmbH
40789 Monheim am Rhein
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your mission

Within the Systems Integration Department, the role will be responsible to perform kit and assay verification for our Molecular Cartography platform. We are looking for someone with experience in product development in the life science sector, preferably with molecular or biochemical assay development for platform technologies.

You will develop a collaborative relationship with internal R&D, Operations teams, and external partners to bring products under development to routine manufacturing. The role is based in the company’s headquarters in Monheim, Germany but will need to work effectively with other global sites and external partners.

Your Tasks:


Establish metrics with test data sets for quantification of assay performance, assay reproducibility, etc.
Define verification and validation tests against requirements and perform testing at system level
Perform final development and verification of protein assays.
Develop kit specifications and QC metrices for hand over to manufacturing and QC departments

Your profile

PhD or Master’s degree in Life Sciences
Several years of experience in molecular and/or biochemical assay development in the life science industry, preferably for platform technologies with complex devices/applications
Experience with multidisciplinary development projects and working with cross-functional teams
Experience in interfacing with manufacturing and quality departments
Experience with data handling, aggregation, and reporting
Experience with liquid handling, microscopy / fluorescence imaging systems and lab automation are preferred
Self-starter comfortable in a dynamic, fast paced, results driven environment

Personal Characteristics

At Resolve Biosciences, we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are essential to our success. We welcome applicants of all genders, ethnicities, nationalities, religions, abilities, and backgrounds to apply for our open positions. We are committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported.

Why us?

This is the perfect opportunity for a successful candidate to become a part of a highly motivated, agile, and international team in an attractive work environment with excellent career opportunities and flat hierarchies. You will contribute to develop our cutting-edge technology with the clear goal to offer products worldwide, and you will influence both our products and clients. We provide space for creativity and flexible working hours and look forward for new members to join us on an exciting journey into a new field of biotechnology. Still in the start-up phase, we wish to collaborate and grow together with forward-minded people.

About us

The Molecular Cartography™ Company
We are bringing the latest advances in German precision engineering to the biotechnology field.



Together, with our talented team of scientists, commercial experts and investors, we are poised to lead the next generation of single-cell analysis which will enable scientists around the world to apply the power of Molecular Cartography™ and gain new insights based on the highest-resolution view of single-cell spatial biology. Resolve Biosciences is a privately held company headquartered in Monheim am Rhein, Germany with an expanding global footprint, that includes facilities in San José, California, USA.



Our Molecular Cartography™ platform has been well received by scientists through an early access program since 2016. We are now entering into an exciting phase of rapid growth and commercialization.

Diesen Job melden