Internship / Master Thesis – Bioprocess & Analytical Development / Modelling and Data Analysis
Boehringer Ingelheim
Biberach an der Riß
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Internship / Master Thesis – Bioprocess & Analytical Development / Modelling and Data Analysis - 2213407


OUR COMPANY

At Boehringer Ingelheim we develop breakthrough therapies and innovative healthcare solutions in areas of unmet medical need for both humans and animals. As a family owned company, we focus on long-term performance. We believe that, if we have talented and ambitious people who are passionate about innovation, there is no limit to what we can achieve; after all, we started with just 28 people. Now, we are powered by 50,000 employees globally who nurture a diverse, collaborative and inclusive culture.

THE POSITION

Would you like to join a pharmaceutical company, where your skills, competencies and creativity can open doors for your development and professional growth? During your internship you will have the opportunity to get to know a lot about working with process data in our department Bioprocess & Analytical Development, using relevant and innovative analytical methods. If this sparks your interest, we can offer you a unique experience to do your internship in Biberach, in one of the pharmaceutical industry's top 20 companies.
Start date: As soon as possible
Duration: 6 months for the internship followed by 6 months for the master thesis

Discover our site Biberach: xplorebiberach.com

Tasks & responsibilities
During your internship you will collect, classify and visualize process data.
Pre-processing the data to ensure high quality data for further analysis is another part of your internship.
You will use data analysis and machine learning methods to build models, diagnose problems, and provide in depth understanding of process data to help in informed decision.
In addition, you will also model, simulate and optimize biopharmaceutical processes using mechanistic models and statistical approaches (e. g. multivariate data analysis).

Requirements
Student in data science, mathematics, statistics and (bio) process engineering with basic knowledge in essential areas of the biopharmaceutical industry
Knowledge of statistics and machine learning models / methods
Hands-on experience with at least one of the popular programming languages such as MATLAB and Python
Dedicated, creative and team-oriented way of working as well as a high willingness to learn
Good knowledge of MS Office
Fluency in spoken and written English

WHY BOEHRINGER INGELHEIM?

This is where you can grow, collaborate, innovate and improve lives.

We offer challenging work in a respectful and friendly global working environment surrounded by a world of innovation driven mindsets and practices. In addition, learning and development for all employees is key, because your growth is our growth. We also offer a competitive salary, generous amount of vacation time, and numerous benefits towards your wellness & financial health and work-life balance. Plus, an onsite gym (Ingelheim), in-house doctor and best-in-class cafeterias and coffee bars to keep you energized and healthy. To learn more about what benefits could be waiting for you, please visit our Career area.

Want to learn more about us? Visit boehringer-ingelheim.com.

Boehringer Ingelheim is an equal opportunity global employer who takes pride in maintaining a diverse and inclusive culture. We embrace diversity of perspectives and strive for an inclusive environment, which benefits our employees, patients and communities. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.

READY TO CONTACT US?

Please contact our Recruiting EMEA Team, Tel: +49 (0) 6132 77-173173

Not exactly the position you are looking for but have someone else in mind? Share it via the button on the bottom of the page with friends or colleagues who might be interested.


Tätigkeit - (Studentisches) Praktikum/Abschlussarbeit
Primärer Standort - Europa-DE-Baden-Württemberg-Biberach
Organisation - DE-Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma GmbH&Co.KG (Germany)
Beschäftigungsart - Vollzeit
Diesen Job melden