Data Engineer
Booz Allen Hamilton
Wiesbaden
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

The Opportunity:

Ever-expanding technology like IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence means that there’s more structured and unstructured data available today than ever before. As a data engineer, you know that organizing big data can yield pivotal insights when it’s gathered from disparate sources. We need a data professional like you to help our clients find answers in their big data to impact important missions—from fraud detection to cancer research to national intelligence.

As a big data engineer at Booz Allen, you’ll use your skills and experience to implement data engineering activities on some of the most mission-driven projects in the industry. You’ll develop and deploy the pipelines and platforms that organize and make disparate data meaningful. Here, you’ll work with a multi-disciplinary team of analysts, data engineers, developers, and data consumers in a fast-paced, agile environment. You’ll sharpen your skills in analytical exploration and data examination while you support the assessment, design, developing, and maintenance of scalable platforms for your clients. Work with us to use big data for good.

Join us. The world can’t wait.

You Have:

8+ years of experience utilizing programming languages, including C++, Java, or Python

8+ years of experience developing and maintaining scalable data stores that supply big data in forms needed for business analysis

Experience creating software for retrieving, parsing and processing structured and unstructured data

Experience with developing scalable ETL/ELT workflows for reporting and analytics

Experience creating solutions within a collaborative, cross-functional team environment

Ability to develop scripts and programs for converting various types of data into usable formats and support project team to scale, monitor and operate data platforms

Secret clearance

Bachelor’s degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM)

Nice If You Have:

Experience in application development utilizing SQL or Scala

Experience with a public cloud, including AWS, Microsoft Azure, or Google Cloud

Experience with distributed data and computing tools such as Spark, Databricks, Hadoop, Hive, AWS EMR, or Kafka

Experience working on real-time data and streaming applications

Experience with NoSQL implementation using MongoDB or Cassandra

Experience with data warehousing, including AWS Redshift, MySQL, or Snowflake

Experience with UNIX/Linux, including basic commands and Shell scripting

Experience with Agile engineering practices

TS/SCI clearance

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.

Create Your Career:

Grow With Us

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.

A Place Where You Belong

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll develop your community in no time.

Support Your Well-Being

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.

Your Candidate Journey

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $73,000.00 to $166,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.

Diesen Job melden