Reporting & Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Sony Electronics
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Reporting & Data Analyst (m/f/d)
Location: Berlin, Germany
We are looking for an analytical personality with experience in sales planning and strong experience in business analytics & a strong customer focus
You should be an expert in understanding the requirements of the business and design or build tailored process and reports.
You will:
Improve efficiency across SDL by developing automations, data flows
Administrate and manage existing automation and data management solutions
Develop tailored reporting and solutions to support efficient processes execution and correct decision making
Optimize Core company processes to increase efficiency and reduce workload (i.e. account-wise forecast, ranging, Field management support, sales data analysis).
Have Project and process responsibility
Control Process for the monthly forecast process
Analyze Sales & Marketing data and interpreting this data to prepare business decisions
Interface to the European Sony support platform
Support for regional/national business review meetings
Support Business planning by point of sale (Budget, trade show business plans and new model launches)
Support project work to improve sales management tools
Drive standardization and automation of reporting structure
Additional tasks:
Support the Sales & Marketing organization in the implementation of the sales strategy
Interface between the Marketing, Strategy and Sales departments
Plan, prepare and present
You will have:
Bachelor or Master of Science degree in economics or business administration
A degree or background in business Analytics
Knowledge & experience of developing report using Power BI
Ability to build strong relationships with top management
Experience in reporting or sales planning with at least 3-5 years of professional experience
Project Oriented mindset
Very analytical, client-centric, strategically oriented and result-oriented
Affinity with numbers
German and English on a business fluent level
Technical skills:
Advanced Office 365 skills (including advanced Excel, SharePoint Online)
SQL basics
SAP/BW experience
Power Query experience
Data engineering skills (basic ETL processes experience)
Power BI platform experience (data flows, datasets, reports creation)
Data visualisation skills
Technical skills – nice to have:
Python basics
Power Automate experience
DAX studio/query optimization experience
Databricks basic understanding (really optional)
We work with:
SAP/BW
MS Excels advanced & Advanced Powerpoint
PBI
SQL/Basic python
EXCEL VBA
Your new office:
Our modern office with height-adjustable desks is located in the heart of Berlin at Potsdamer Platz, with perfect transport connections to the bus, underground and S-Bahn as well as regional trains. Here you can spend your lunch break walking through the most popular inner-city Park called “Tiergarten” or shopping in the "Mall of Berlin". Or you can relax with a free coffee or tea in our ‘Village’, which is a comfortably furnished area for staff with an amazing view over Berlin.
Life at Sony:
We ensure Competitive Salaries by using established benchmarking with excellent compensation policies. We encourage healthy Work-Life balance supported by hybrid working policies where available. We are a positive Community who dream big together, respect each other, and enjoy a collaborative culture across Europe.
We like to celebrate and reward our colleagues who make a real difference using our Recognition platform Bravo! We also provide access to numerous services and platforms for all aspects of Wellbeing. We listen to our people through conversations and surveys, respect their suggestions, then act on them. We also provide allowances for Volunteering days so that our staff can support the causes they are most passionate about.
You can build your career around you with our fantastic range of Learning & Personal Development programs to enhance your skills. We also encourage our staff to try exciting new roles, in a wide range of countries, with a fantastic Mobility team to support you if you take that leap!
Bring your uniqueness to Sony:
We are passionate about creating a culture that promotes equitiy and cultivates inclusion, diversity and belonging. We want employees with diverse backgrounds and perspectives that will stimulate innovations and have a direct impact on our creation of social value to fulfil Sony’s purpose – ‘to fill the world with emotions, through the power of creativity and technology’. We want you to bring your unique self to work and help shape our culture.
We are Sony Europe.
Our people collaborate in an environment of acceptance, integrity and open-mindedness. Diverse teams from all over Europe are the driving force for our business, and we embrace the differences that make each of us original and unique.
With offices in 28 European countries, Sony Europe caters to consumer, professional,s emiconductor and healthcare markets with innovative electronics products and solutions. Our European labatories research and develop new technologies and capabilities that contributes to the Sony Group and import issues on a planetary scale.
Bring your passion, creativity and ambitions to Sony Europe. Apply now, and let’s create the future together.
Diesen Job melden