Data Analyst - 12 Month Contract
Audible
(gehört zu Amazon.com)
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Data Analyst - 12 Month Contract
Audible - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Good storytelling starts with great listening. At Audible, that means each role and every project has our audience in mind. Because the same people who design, develop, and deploy our products also happen to use them. To us, that speaks volumes.

ABOUT THIS ROLE
Based in Berlin, Audible GmbH is looking for an enthusiastic Data Analyst. You will be responsible for surfacing data-driven results and insights for the wider Analytics Team as well as the core marketing function. In this position you will provide operational, economic, and financial analysis to frame data driven decisions - and implement KPIs and scorecards to track initiative progress/performance to encourage a focus on results and execution.

This position is initially open through a 12-month contract.

ABOUT YOU
Working with various teams, you will be exposed to a wide range of functions. From engineering, data science to marketing. You will provide your knowledge and skills to be a trusted analyst to the wider analytics team as well as, to our business stakeholders. You will be able to conduct multiple tasks simultaneously with support from leadership. Critical to the success of this role is your ability to develop insightful analysis, work effectively as part of a cross-functional team, and transform data to insight.

As a Data Analyst, you will...

Build and maintain basic data artifacts (e.g., ETL, data models, queries) and reports that correctly answer business questions
Utilizes analytics and metrics visualization tools - Able to investigate data anomalies
Communicates effectively (e.g., proposals, findings, wikis)
Provides solutions that inform team's business decisions
Identify trends in metrics. Able to segment metrics along suitable dimensions to reveal deeper dynamics
Dive deeply into technical and operational details of the business (e.g., key dependencies, business drivers/KPIs, develop actionable business insights, etc.) and contribute to constructive technical discussions
Improve dataset quality and automates manual processes
Be proficient in SQL. Know how to ingest process, persist, and analyze data. Basic understanding of distributed systems, data modelling, and scientific methods. Proficient in descriptive statistics and familiar with inferential statistics

ABOUT AUDIBLE
At Audible, we innovate and inspire through the power of voice. We're changing the narrative on storytelling. As a leading creator and provider of premium audio storytelling, we've redefined the ways people access, discover, and share stories. The stories we tell have the ability to transport and transform everyday moments into meaningful experiences and it's our people who make Audible's service possible. We're listeners, storytellers, and problem-solvers. Our perspectives and experiences power our ideas and come together in our mission to unleash the power of the spoken word. Audible offers a Hub+Home hybrid workplace model that gives employees flexibility between gathering in an Audible workspace (work from hub) and remote work (work from home). For more information, please visit adbl.co/hybrid.

Basic Qualifications

Quantitative degree (Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences, or similar).
Proven experience (1+ years) in a data driven/analytical role.
Proficiency in SQL.
Business fluency in English, both written and spoken.

Preferred Qualifications

Understand how to use one or more industry analytics and metrics visualization tools (e.g. Excel, Tableau/QuickSight/MicroStrategy/PowerBI).
Knowledgeable in a variety of methods for querying, processing, persisting, analyzing and presenting data.
Good understanding of data lineage: including sources of data; how metrics are aggregated; and how the resulting business intelligence is consumed, interpreted and acted upon by the business.
Strong knowledge of and experience with database querying (SQL).
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, especially Excel.
Excellent problem-solving skills, self-motivated with the capacity to work under pressure and tight deadlines.
Excellent written and oral communication/presentation skills.
Aptitude and drive to learn new tools quickly.
Intellectual curiosity for what drives the business.
Background in content/media, marketing tech, and/or internet industries.
Understanding of ecommerce analytics, marketing analytics, experimentation, membership/loyalty analytics and revenue management techniques.
Practical experience with any of the following tools: Tableau, Relational databases, big data, Microstrategy, Salesforce, Adobe/Omniture, PowerBI, Python, R, jupyter, SAS, SPPS, Matlab, Programming (ETL frameworks) or any other analytics/data science tool.

Audible is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Audible is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of ethnic origin, gender, religion or belief, disability, age, sexual identity, or any other legally protected status. We therefore ask you to exclude unnecessary information, such as a photo, date or place of birth, gender identification, family and marital status, nationality, religion etc. from your CV or resume. Thank you for doing your part to create equal opportunities for everyone.
Audible is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Audible. Please consult our Privacy Notice to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Diesen Job melden