Senior Data Engineer for Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all genders) - Berlin
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Senior Data Engineer for Mercedes-Benz SoftwareFactory (all genders) - Berlin
MBition GmbH - 10587 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Aufgaben

Your Mission

The team has the goal of enabling Mercedes-Benz to make data driven decisions by collecting, aggregating and presenting relevant metrics based on concepts of data engineering, management, monitoring and measurement. We are providing a stable, flexible and easy-to-use platform that enables self-service analytics for thousands and growing amount of users, and thousands of daily views on dashboards.
Concretely, this can involve everything from data base/data warehouse design to creating dashboards to testing new AWS data services that enable further business use cases.

Qualifikationen

Your Profile

Education



Degree in Computer Science or a comparable field/experience


Experience


6+ years working as a Data Engineer or relevant track record.

Architect and design Data Engineering Solution which focuses on Scalability, Reliability and Low-latency.

Strong experience in building Data Pipelines, Data Migration, Streaming Pipelines solutions, Data Modelling and Data Engineering.

Experience with Database & Data Warehouse Design and implementation (Postgres and Redshift preferred), ETL processing and developing (Apache Spark with PySpark preferred)

Bring-in Best Engineering Practices and ideas which always challenges the current setup.

Solid coding and testing skills (Python preferred)

Comfortable with modern Cloud Native/Serverless Data Services (AWS preferred, i.e S3, Glue, EMR, Athena ).

Knowledge of Event Driven Architecture.

CI/CD knowledge (Gitlab preferred)

Strong foundation in software architecture, engineering and continuous integration

Must be able to work effectively in a team setting as well as individually.


Nice to have:



Experience in AI model development, training, and deployment experience

Experience in building and deploying machine learning models and algorithms (time series) end-to-end at scale

Experience with visualisation and dash boarding platforms like Grafana, Kibana, PowerBI, Quicksight.

Experience in Infrastructure as code with basic understanding on Teraform or Cloudformation.

Knowledge of data quality and data access management


Personal skills


Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting technical issues

Excellent organisational, time management, prioritisation and multi-tasking skills

Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment

Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience

Well-developed communication and teamwork skills

Continuous learning attitude, and very strong in constructive feedback


Language skills


Proficient in English

German is nice to have


Zusätzliche Informationen

Why us?



A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars

An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG

Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at mbition.io and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"

Agile working methods and open feedback culture. Win as a Team!

Flexible working hours

Transportation & health benefits, discounts on Mercedes Benz cars and much more.


Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:



Job title and reference number

Salary expectations

Earliest start date


We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.

Diesen Job melden