Data Engineer (m/w/d)
Ströer SSP GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung

Zur Verstärkung unseres Teams im Geschäftsbereich Ströer SSP GmbH suchen wir Dich als…

Data Engineer (m/w/d)

Art der Anstellung: Vollzeit, unbefristet
Standort: Berlin
Berufserfahrung: Berufserfahren
Firma: Ströer SSP GmbH
Bereich: IT

Ströer SSP heavily relies on optimized infrastructure to deliver a high volume of real-time programmatic advertising with low latency. Our Engineering competence is at the heart of our success. We constantly strive for technical excellence, efficiency and incorporation of state-of-the-art solutions by combining engineering and science. At the heart of our operation lies the processing and analysis of massive amounts of data, which we approach with a focus on scientific and technological reliability. We are working at the cutting edge of big data, machine learning, real-time technologies and operating large-scale deployments of web services.




We are currently looking for a Data Engineer (m/w/d). Please note that we cannot offer fully remote positions outside of Berlin.

You will...

Work with distributed processing tools such as Flink, Spark, and Kafka to process TBs of data, in batch and streaming modes

Manage and improve cloud data lake infrastructure, using technologies such as Kafka, Hudi/Iceberg, AWS Athena, etc

Contribute to DevOps operations, using tools such as Kubernetes, Flux, Helm, Terraform, AWS CDK

Help Data Scientists develop pipelines, models and provide both batch and realtime machine learning predictions with sub-second response times (under 30 milliseconds
latency p99)

Come up with new ideas and approaches to resolve emerging issues

You have...

Experience in at least one programming language of the following: Scala, Java, Kotlin, Haskell, Rust, Python or Go

An interest (and preferably already have work experience) in software engineering, especially in functional programming and the data engineering field, with a knack for DevOps

Proficient English knowledge and good oral and written communication skills

A hands-on team-player attitude with willingness to learn new things

We offer...

A small and highly passionate team of extraordinary co-workers

An open, embracing and inclusive culture

An agile, focused, relaxed atmosphere with flexible working hours

A high level of freedom and responsibility

A competitive salary

An excellent and spacious office right at Rosa-Luxemburg-Platz

With us you also have the chance to work from home

Apply now!.

Diesen Job melden