IT-Administrator/in (w/m/d) (40,1 h)
Technische Universität München
80333 München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

The TUM School of Management at the Technical University of Munich (TUM), founded in 2002, is one of the leading business faculties in Germany. It excels in research and teaching at the interface of management and technology. Awarded with the triple crown accreditations AMBA, AACSB and EQUIS, the TUM School of Management fulfills numerous quality criteria, including top qualification of the teaching staff, internationality of teaching and close exchange with business. The TUM School of Management currently has more than 50 professors with approximately 300 employees and more than 6,000 students.

The TUM School of Management at the Technical University of Munich is looking for a full-time employee (limited to two years) to support the resources team as

IT-Administrator/in (w/m/d) (40,1 h)

Your tasks:
 The digitalization of the university is a central project. In the individual projects, you take on important tasks in the digitization of business processes and their implementation in digital workflow processes.
 Your tasks include the procurement, installation, configuration and administration of hardware and software as well as the setup and operation of servers (including rack servers with/without virtualization, VMware ESX, Windows Server, Linux operating systems) and workstation computers (Windows, Linux, Mac operating sys-tems).
 You will support our scientists and staff with hardware and software issues (user help desk) and are responsi-ble for the independent support of computer workstations for students as well as for the administration of the network at the TUM School of Management.
 You take responsibility for data management and data backup as well as for monitoring the hardware and software.
 The procurement, installation and provision of media technology for events and the timely operational readi-ness of media technology and software also fall within your area of responsibility.

Our requirements for you:
 You have completed a technical university degree (preferably in computer science or information technology) or have completed technical vocational training (e.g. IT specialist). 
Ideally professional experience and knowledge in IT support or IT management.
 The willingness and ability to work independently, as well as a high degree of reliability, adherence to dead-lines and a careful way of working are a matter of course for you.
 You have a strong ability to communicate with specific target groups.
 You also have very good written and oral language skills in either English or German as well as sound knowledge of all common office applications, operating systems and server infrastructure.

That is what we offer you:
 A varied and challenging job in an attractive, dynamic and international environment at a university of excel-lence in the heart of Munich. 
Independent and responsible work in an enthusiastic team that supports you professionally and interpersonal-ly.
 Individual further training opportunities, discounts, sports offers, language courses as well as
various team events.
 Attractive remuneration for employment within the TV-L up to a classification in pay group E13 with appropri-ate qualifications.
 Look forward to flexible working hours in coordination with your team as well as home office options 
An excellent working atmosphere and confidence in your abilities!

Your application
Severely disabled persons are given preference in the case of essentially equal suitability and qualifications. The Technical University of Munich aims to increase the proportion of women. Applications from women are therefore expressly welcomed.

Are you interested?
We look forward to receiving your application; please send it in the form of a single PDF file by 12.06.2023 at the latest to:

TUM School of Management
Human Resources Management
MS Sophia Neuhaus
Arcis Street 21
80333 Munich

bewerbungen@mgt.tum.de

Find out more about us: www.mgt.tum.de

In the case of a written application, we ask you to submit only copies to us.
Unfortunately, we cannot return your application documents after the procedure has been completed.


Hinweis zum Datenschutz:
Im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung um eine Stelle an der Technischen Universität München (TUM) übermitteln Sie personenbezogene Daten. Beachten Sie bitte hierzu unsere Datenschutzhinweise gemäß Art. 13 Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) zur Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung. Durch die Übermittlung Ihrer Bewerbung bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Datenschutzhinweise der TUM zur Kenntnis genommen haben.

Kontakt: bewerbungen@mgt.tum.de

Diesen Job melden