Backend Engineer – C# .NET (m/f/d)
u:fynd
Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Your tasks and responsibilities

Along with the engineering team, you will be responsible for the maintenance of databases, servers, and other tech products. Other than that, you will...

be in charge of the coding and maintenance of the C# environment, such as web services, queue workers and microservices.

specify, implement and optimize database systems.

develop, implement and maintain high performing APIs for large amounts of data.

ensure excellent quality, debug, and provide internal support.

collaborate with the frontend team in order to continuously improve the product.


You will be working with the latest cutting-edge technologies such as




Microsoft C#

Microsoft .NET Core 3.0

ASP.net

Microsoft Azure

AWS

SQL & NoSQL

RESTful API


What we offer

You will soon see that we do everything that we can to make each of our teams feel comfortable, welcome, and appreciated. We would like to offer you...

responsibility, space for creativity, and a long-term perspective in an up-and-coming company.

opportunities for personal and professional development.

a competitive pay.

an Urban Sports Club membership.

30 days of paid annual leave.

working in a young and motivated team with flat hierarchies.

modern and well-located offices including a great choice of cold drinks, juices, and a variety of snacks.

a professional Barista coffee machine and everything that you need in order to start your day with your favorite type of coffee.

an exciting environment as a part of a startup incubator.

reimbursement of your daily travel expenses and much more.


Your skillset

You are the perfect candidate if you...

are tech-savvy and follow new and emerging technologies.

enjoy responsibility and working in an environment where your work has a direct business impact.

have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Data Engineering, Business Informatics, or similar.

are passionate about programming and have worked at least two years in a software development position.

have excellent knowledge of database systems and using client server, as well as web server and microservice architecture.

are familiar with the design patterns MVC, MVP, MVVM, and TDD.

like to be highly analytical and have a proven track record in managing complex projects.

are skilled in agile methods (scrum, kanban) and version control (Git).

have exceptional interpersonal and communication skills and enjoy working in an international team with flat hierarchies.

think critically and have high problem-solving skills.

possess English skills that are business-fluent (German is a plus).

Diesen Job melden