Software Developer Backend (m/f/d)
CID GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
Full-Time Permanent Employment at the Earliest in Freigericht, Leipzig, Kaunas, Berlin, Bratislava, Madrid

Company

CID GmbH is part of a fast-growing, innovative business group focused on process optimisation and information management. Our international workforce partners with global brands in delivery, telecommunication, automotives and insurance.

Together with our science and research partners, we turn smart thinking and strategy into solutions that overcome challenges in information search, management and categorisation.

Through our constantly expanding global network, CID is continuously strengthening its market position by releasing more and better offerings for customers around the world.

Your responsibilities

As a Software Developer you will join a team of software professionals and maintain, extend, optimize and test an existing backend software in C/C++ as well as C#. You will analyze requirements on your own, design solutions and implement them. Additionally, you support the team with developing tools and automating software tests.

Your profile

You have a University or technical college degree in computer science or comparable discipline and practical experience with C# and/or C/C++ and common software design patterns. You convince because of a good knowledge about data structures and their utilization (trees, hash maps) and a good grasp of technical systems and their interactions. Experience with Service-oriented architecture (SOA) is appreciated and knowledge of distributed algorithms is beneficial. Good spoken and written German and English complete your profile.

Your opportunities at CID …

Are what you make of them. If you want to make a difference, we can help. CID can offer you opportunities, experience and growth within a stable and ever-improving organisation. Besides the daily roles and responsibilities on offer, working at CID offers you bigger challenges and the chance to actively shape the future of the business.

You’ll be part of a flexible, customer-obsessed and hungry-to-learn team, prioritising open communication and a welcoming culture. Our offices and working practices are designed to make joining as easy and productive as possible.

You’ll work on a rich variety of groundbreaking projects and products for major companies in different industries, supported by continuous communication and your ability to make key decisions. From the types of assignments you’ll be tasked with, through to the collaboration opportunities with leading technology vendors, working at CID offers fantastic conditions to further your professional development. We’re always keen to find and retain engaged employees, and will offer a permanent contract after a successful trial period.

We offer a results-based remuneration package, with the opportunity to take on additional training to boost your personal development.

Other benefits include flexible working, 30 days annual vacation time, an optional company pension, regular team events, a modern canteen/cafeteria and free drinks.

If this sounds like the opportunity for you, we’d love to hear from you. Please send us a full application, in either German or English, and your salary expectations.

Send your application and we’ll be in touch.

Diesen Job melden