R&D Engineer Deep Learning (m/w/d)
Asaphus Vision GmbH
10587 Berlin
Schnellbewerbung
Asaphus Vision as a part of Valeo group provides driver-monitoring software based on deep-learning technology to the automotive industry. Our cutting-edge software is used by car makers around the world in driver assistance and automated driving systems. Asaphus offers a dynamic work environment where your skills are required. Take advantage of our team of currently 50 colleagues by learning new skills and progressing in your career. We believe in rewarding excellent work. Join the Asaphus Team and enjoy an international, culturally diverse work environment. Our office is located in the heart of Berlin.

Tasks


Develop machine-learning models for use in our software library;
Develop and maintain pre-processing, training, and evaluation pipelines;
Analyze, validate, test, and understand the inner workings and limitations of your models;
Support the release of the library to production;
Develop and automate our machine learning infrastructure;
Guide, support, and develop tools for the data acquisition for your models;
Analyze, clean, and preprocess data for training and validation;
Employ software development best practices and help to maintain them through reviews and mentoring.
Requirements


At least a Master's degree in Computer Science with a strong focus on Machine Learning;
Deep understanding of machine-learning methods and in particular deep learning for machine vision problems;
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills;
Experience with relevant scientific software packages (Python, TensorFlow, Caffe,…);
Strong software engineering skills for prototypic development and implementation of experimental setups;
Experience with machine learning in production and MLOps is a plus;
Programming skills in Python and C++;
Excellent communication skills in English;
German residency or an existing working permit for Germany is essential.
Benefits


Flexible working hours;
Exciting and responsible tasks at the cutting edge of technology;
Open corporate culture, flat hierarchies in an international team;
Modern office at S-Bhf. Tiergarten (Charlottenburg).
Interested? Then send us your CV including salary expectations and possible starting date to the given e-mail address.
Diesen Job melden