Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Raisin GmbH
10997 Berlin-Kreuzberg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Team

Being a member of the Revenue team at Raisin who is primarily responsible for invoicing, compensation and revenue transformation across Raisin, these processes architecture, design, development and management are to be built on big data architecture.

The candidate for this position will be responsible for contributing to the whole development cycle, from architecture, design, development and support of the solution, in addition to the reporting and analytics.

Your Responsibilities

Deliver and manage the invoicing and revenue aspects of business intelligence and analytics. This includes the capability to architect, design, develop and support data extraction, transformation and orchestration processes in addition to data modeling and performance optimization on the data warehouse.

Create and optimize data pipelines using Airflow, Snowflake and AWS.

Work with the analytics team to design and develop the BI tool semantic layer from an engineering perspective (modeling, performance optimization etc...)

Mentor junior individuals and help them develop their skills as required. Plan, delegate and regulate work load within the team.

Work with other teams to resolve dependencies.

Execute proofs of concept to test and evaluate new tools and technologies relevant to business intelligence and analytics and propose adoption wherever necessary.

Your Profile

Solid experience in Airflow, Python programming and SQL.

Knowledge of AWS services and kubernetes.

Bachelors in Mathematics, Computer Science or other relevant quantitative fields

Strong analytical and quantitative approach to problems

Knowledge of Data Engineering best practices in Data Quality, Observability, etc

Comfortable in dynamic and changing environment - strong inclination to take responsibility for your work

Eagerness and hunger to learn - on the job learning

Join our mission, join our team - and grow with us!

At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which, connects more than 40 different nationalities.

You'll find us in our modern and open office in the trendy Kreuzberg district with a view of the Spree River, ideally connected to public transportation and surrounded by a variety of restaurants and shopping opportunities.

As part of our team, you will benefit from:

Personal training budget of 1,700 € and four full training days per year.

Access to Babbel for continuous language learning.

Free choice of hardware.

Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.

Flexible working hours, home office and 28 vacation days.

Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.

A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.

Do you miss being in the office? The corporate ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month (BVG Firmenticket for Berlin and HVV ProfiTicket for HH).

You are moving from another country or city to join us? We will support your relocatio

About us

We are Raisin, a dynamic and fast-growing fintech company that is a trailblazer for open banking in the savings and investments space.

As one of the most successful European fintech companies, we build award-winning marketplaces to help customers gain better access to competitive savings, investment, and pension products. Combined, our brands Raisin, WeltSparen, SaveBetter and Zinspilot, serve over half a million direct customers from over thirty European markets and the U.S.

Additionally, we partner with more than 400 banks and financial services providers to help them source stable and secure deposit funding and also enable them to offer third-party products to their customers.

We are backed by renowned international investors such as Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Greycroft, Headline/e.ventures, Index Ventures, Kinnevik, PayPal Ventures, Thrive Capital, Top Tier Capital Partners, Ribbit Capital, and Vitruvian Partners, as well as Peter Thiel.

We are headquartered in Berlin, and also have offices in Frankfurt, Hamburg, Munich, London, Madrid, Manchester and New York.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.

Diesen Job melden