Senior Data Engineer (f/m/d)
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
81829 München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Senior Data Engineer (f/m/d)


This role has been designated as ‘Edge’, which means you will primarily work outside of an HPE office.

Job Description:


Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world.

Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know diverse backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.

With the Ezmeral Software Portfolio our customers run, manage, control and secure the apps, data and IT that run their business—from edge to cloud.

https://www.hpe.com/us/en/ezmeral.html

Are you looking to take your technical career to the next level?

We have a brand-new opportunity for a Senior Data Engineer who is bright, driven, customer focused professional to join our HPE’s Ezmeral Software Services Organization.

This role provides a significant opportunity to learn and apply big data technologies and solve related complex problems.

We offer you extensive training in the Ezmeral products i.e., Data Fabric and Unified Analytics Software, working closely with Product Engineering to enable you to become a SME working closely with the Customer and the Advisory and Professional Services (A&PS) delivery team.

In a typical day as Senior Data Engineer you:

Master the Ezmeral software portfolio including Ezmeral Data Fabric (EDF), Ezmeral Runtime (ERE) and Unified Analytics (UA)
Achieve and maintain proficiency with cluster and framework sizing, installation, debugging, performance optimization, migration, security, and automation.
Ensure the on-time delivery and quality of Professional Service engagements.
Be a technical interface between the customer and the delivery team, point of escalation between Customer and HPE Ezmeral Product Engineering
Provide best practice in exploiting the software to meet the Customer Use Cases
Providing technical thought-leadership and advisory on technologies and processes at the core of the data domain, as well as data domain adjacent technologies
Engaging and collaborating with both internal and external teams and be a confident participant as well as a leader
Assisting with solution improvement
Be a technical voice to customers and a community via blogs, User Groups (UG’s) and participation at leading industry conferences.
Stay current in best practices, tools, and applications used in the delivery of professional service engagements.

If you are…

Good at partnering, innovating, and making things happen? Good start, you are aligned to our core values!

If you have these Skills, Expertise, Attitude and Education…

Academic degree in computer science or similar
5+ years of experience administering any flavor of Linux
3+ years of experience in architecting, administrating, configuring, installation and maintenance of Open Source Big-data applications, f.ex. MapR/ CDP/ Hortonworks/ and Hadoop ecosystem technologies such as Hive / HBase / Spark / Oozie / Kafka, etc…
Familiarity with commercial IT infrastructures including storage, networking, security, virtualization, and systems management
Good understanding of high availability
Able to implement Hadoop Data Security using Groups/Roles
Implement and manage cluster security and monitor cluster connectivity
Cluster maintenance as well as creation and removal of nodes
Performance tuning of Hadoop clusters and Hadoop MapReduce routines
Collaborating with application teams to install operating system and Big Data Platform updates, patches, version upgrades when required
Integration with other Hadoop platforms
Familiarity with automation tools Ansible, Puppet or Chef
Familiarity with Kubernetes and MLOps
Business fluency in German and English language.

Join us and make your mark!

We offer:

Competitive salary and extensive benefits package (pension scheme, insurances, company car, bike and car leasing, and other fringe benefits)
Work-life balance (flexible working time and hybrid workplace model, 30 vacation days, four HPE Wellness-Fridays, up to six months paid parental leave)
Support for education, training, and career development
Diverse and dynamic work environment

Part-time work or job-sharing is also applicable to this position.

HPE is:

Ranked in the Top 3 in the Women's Career Index Germany in 2023 for the tenth time
Ranked in the Top 11 Pride Index Germany in 2022
Ranked 19th on Fortune’s 2022 list of 100 Best Companies to Work For
Ranked 7th on Newsweek’s list of America’s Most Responsible Companies 2022
Named a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion for the sixth year in row
Named one of the 100 Best Large Workplaces for Millennials in 2021
Recognized as one of the Best Companies for Multicultural Women by Seramount

Want to know more about it? Then let’s stay connected!

https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers

https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together.

#LI-Hybrid

#Germany

#technologyandsoftware

Job:

Services

Job Level:

Expert


Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.


HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.

Diesen Job melden