Global Member Services (GMS) Analytics Intern | Internship Program
Fabletics
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Job Description
Get ready to be part of the 2nd Europe Internship Program at TechStyle!
TechStyle is the provider behind some of the fastest growing online fashion brands in history, including Fabletics, Savage X Fenty, JustFab, Yitty, ShoeDazzle, and FabKids.
Currently four of these brands are present in Europe:
Fabletics, focused on athleisure and created together with the actress Kate Hudson;
Savage X Fenty, our highly loved lingerie brands established together with Rihanna;
JustFab, our online subscription fashion retailer that carries selections of shoes, handbags, jewelry, and denim;
Yitty, our shapewear brand reinvented by the singer Lizzo.
For this role, TechStyle is currently looking for a Global Member Services (GMS) Analytics Intern.
With offices in Berlin, London, Barcelona and headquarters in Los Angeles, this person will be based out of our Berlin office for an internship with a duration of 6 months starting September 1st 2023.
Please be aware that this has to be a mandatory internship (Pflichtpraktikum) and you have to be fluent in English (C1-C2 level).
How do you fit in?
The Intern is responsible for carrying out day-to-day work using a variety of technologies and tools, as well as a wide range of analytic approaches. In this role, the intern will work closely with cross-functional teams to identify patterns, develop visualizations, and create key performance indicators worldwide with executive visibility.
What you will learn in your role:
Create dashboards in Tableau to present data drawn from multiple sources in a meaningful way.
Support business education, enabling departmental teams to become self-sufficient through ongoing training and the creation of automated reporting.
Take initiative to identify key opportunities for optimization and drive data-driven solutions.
Learn to gather requirements from business stakeholders; document and take steps to achieve them.
Practice identification of data patterns and trends to root cause operational gaps and inefficiency, develop solutions in collaboration with operations teams.
This position will report to the Analytics Manager for TechStyle in Europe.
Required skills:
Studying towards or recently graduated from a degree in information technology; computer science; or similar.
Good analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyse, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Ability to summarize complex ideas clearly.
Experience with reporting tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or Looker
Good knowledge of MS Suite, especially advanced skills in Excel (macros, pivot tables and formular)
Good knowledge of SQL is a plus.
Self-motivated and independent team player
Fluent in English (C1-C2 level).
What’s in it for you?
Holidays: Relaxation is important! That's why offer you 4 Fridays off during the Summer.
Flexible Working: We embrace a hybrid working culture! Our teams thrive on collaborative working from our cool office in Berlin during the week and offer the choice to work from home Mondays and Fridays.
Professional Development: We want you to have dedicated time for your professional development. That is why we created the “Style Your Day” initiative that happens one Friday a month. You can use the morning for career development programs and company sponsored mentorship opportunities, and spend your afternoon taking care of personal goals that matter most to you!
Health & Wellness Benefit: Fitness is in our DNA, that’s why we pay the gym membership 100% and offer a Premium subscription in the Calm App and Healthkick Platform.
Location: Our office is located right next to Schlesisches Tor on the Spree in a modern space with a beautiful rooftop and amazing sights to the city.
Company Events: We love having the team around so we welcome you to join our THIRSTdays (enjoy the company of your colleagues with drinks and snacks at the office), Summer Party / Winter Party, Bring your Kids to work, among other cool events.
Other Benefits & Perks: We offer 50% discount on all our brands (Fabletics, Yitty, Savage X Fenty, JustFab, and FabKids) Corporate Benefits Platform (get discounts off popular brands!) and enjoy as much as you want of our coffee machines, tea, fruits and snacks for free.
#LI-IR1
#LI-TechStyleOS
About TechStyleOS
TechStyleOS is the globally integrated Operations and Services provider behind some of the fastest growing online fashion brands in history, including Fabletics, Savage X Fenty, JustFab, ShoeDazzle, and FabKids. With capabilities spanning technology, data science, supply chain management, fulfillment, customer service, and more, we help brands launch, scale and grow—across product categories and geographically. From predictive analytics to data-driven marketing and attribution, our unique approach is powered by our proprietary, end-to-end tech platform that enables the brands we serve to deliver a level of personalization, value, and satisfaction that are unrivaled in the fashion industry.
Fabletics, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. We recruit, employ, compensate, develop, and promote regardless of race, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, genetic information, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable. At Fabletics, Inc., we champion a vibrant workplace culture that thrives on diversity law and do not tolerate discrimination or harassment. We are one team from many backgrounds, innovating through diversity of individuals, who are driven by passion for creating an inclusive space for all. Fabletics, Inc. will continue to champion a workplace culture that prizes diversity and inclusivity.
We encourage you to apply regardless of meeting all qualifications and/or requirements.
Diesen Job melden