Senior Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Dennemeyer The IP Group
München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Dennemeyer Octimine is determined to revolutionize the way that companies around the world innovate. We do so by applying modern technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, deep learning, and semantic algorithms in our SaaS products to support international tech companies with their innovation and patent analytics tasks. We are a smart and dynamic start-up in the middle of a growth and internationalization phase supported by our parent company, the Dennemeyer Group, one of the largest full-service providers for the management of intellectual property rights.
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to lead our data science team in its research efforts in the fields of cutting-edge search and analytics technologies. As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing and implementing innovative data-driven solutions to enhance our patent search, monitoring & analytics platform, as well as collaborating with other data science teams within the Dennemeyer group.
Responsibilities:
Lead the development and implementation of latest patent search and classification technologies as well as advanced patent analytics indicators using machine learning and deep learning techniques
Conduct research and analyze large-scale patent data to generate insights that can be used to improve our product offering and enhance customer experience
Collaborate with the product management team to define and prioritize data science initiatives that align with our strategic goals
Work closely with the engineering team to develop and deploy data-driven solutions in a timely manner
Manage and mentor the data science team, providing guidance on data science best practices and techniques
Partner with other data science teams within the Dennemeyer group to share knowledge and best practices
Drive contributions to scientific and industry literature (preferred)
Profile:
Advanced degree (PhD or Master’s) in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics or Statistics
At least 5 years of experience in data science with a focus on Natural Language Understanding and Natural Language Processing techniques for analyzing large, unstructured data (e.g. word embeddings)
Excellent theoretical knowledge of state-of-the-art deep learning, neural networks and machine learning models beyond pure application
Strong knowledge in understanding of machine learning frameworks and tooling (e.g. Hugging Face), developer tools (e.g. GIT) and modern deployment architecture (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes)
Hands-on experience with Python and relevant machine learning libraries (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, etc.)
Fundamentals in hosting and deploying models on a public cloud infrastructure (e.g. Azure, AWS, Google)
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with experience leading teams and collaborating across departments
If you are passionate about data science and want to work with a dynamic team of experts in the field of patent analytics, then we want to hear from you!
Dennemeyer is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Dennemeyer does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
Diesen Job melden