Molecular Biology Scientist (f/m/d) - HP Health Solutions Germany
HP
Martinsried
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

HP Health Solutions Germany, located in the science hotspot Martinsried near Munich, is a subsidiary of HP Inc. (Hewlett-Packard) and develops diagnostic instruments and assays for the ultrafast detection of pathogens. Our unique in-house developed technology, Pulse Controlled Amplification (PCA), has received awards for its innovative potential in the past. PCA technology, a further development of the PCR method, enables ultra-rapid and at the same time highly sensitive molecular tests in a wide range of applications, such as the detection of multi-resistant germs in hospitals and in many other areas where rapid and reliable DNA analysis is particularly important.

We are looking for a Molecular Biology Scientist (f/m/d) to join our team in Martinsried.

Your responsibilities:

Designs, optimizes, and validates molecular assays for detection of nucleic acids or proteins with minimal guidance

Applies functional knowledge to design, optimize, and validate assays for detection of biomolecules, such as nucleic acids and proteins.

Compiles and present data to project teams in both written and oral formats

Has a strong working knowledge of fundamental principles in vitro diagnostics and molecular biology, including nucleic acid amplification technologies, like PCR, PCA and isothermal methods.

What do we expect?

Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Computer Science or Engineering or equivalent.

Typically 4-6 years experience, including graduate or postgraduate research.

Experience using scientific design and data collection methodologies, tools and analysis packages to collect, validate, and analyze research data.

Strong analytical and problem solving skills.

Application and implementation of experimental design, scientific procedures and processes, and data analysis.

Ability to effectively communicate research plans, proposals, and results, and negotiate options at management levels.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and German language.

You are convinced to be a perfect match? Then join our HP family and apply now!

#LI-POST


About HP


You’re out to reimagine and reinvent what’s possible—in your career as well as the world around you.
So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating what’s next. We’re in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.


HP is a technology company that operates in more than 170 countries around the world united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere.


Our history: HP’s commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion – it's just who we are.
From the boardroom to factory floor, we create a culture where everyone is respected and where people can be themselves, while being a part of something bigger than themselves. We celebrate the notion that you can belong at HP and bring your authentic self to work each and every day. When you do that, you’re more innovative and that helps grow our bottom line. Come to HP and thrive!
Diesen Job melden