Research Associate for the Project “EPOC”
Universität Hamburg
Hamburg
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
Research Associate for the Project “EPOC” § 28 Subsection 3 HmbHG

InstitutionFaculty of Mathematics, Informatics and Natural Sciences, Department of Earth System Sciences, Institute of Oceanography
Salary levelEGR. 13 TV-L
Start dateas soon as possible, fixed until 30.06.2027 (This is a fixed-term contract in accordance with Section 2 of the academic fixed-term labor contract act [Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz, WissZeitVG]).
Application deadline12.07.2023
Scope of workfull-time position suitable for part-time

Responsibilities

In the period from as soon as possible until 30.06.2024 duties primarily include teaching and research.

In the period from 01.07.2024 until 30.06.2027 duties include academic services in the project named above.

Research associates may also pursue independent research and further academic qualifications.

Specific Duties

For the work in the EPOC project ‘Explaining and Predicting the Ocean Conveyor’, we seek a candidate with an interest in the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation (AMOC) and observing methods for ocean circulation. The project is funded by Horizon Europe and includes a consortium with partners in Germany, France, Norway, the UK, USA and Canada.

The applicant will work on designing ocean observing for measuring the large-scale ocean circulation. This work will have two main components, with the relative distribution of work focus to be discussed with the successful candidate. One component will be testing and using novel in situ pressure sensors which are designed to correct for drift. These sensors offer the potential to reconcile inconsistencies between existing AMOC observing arrays (e.g., Frajka-Williams et al. 2018, Danabasoglu et al. 2021). The successful candidate will use data records from these new sensors (currently deployed and to be deployed in Sept 2023) to evaluate the extent to which they are able to self-correct drift. This work will use of a wide range of auxiliary datasets (altimetry, gravimetry, Argo profiling floats and tall moorings), and be carried out in collaboration with both physical oceanographers and geophysicists. A second component will be in using machine learning techniques to re-evaluate what an optimal AMOC observing system might comprise. This approach is complementary to alternate approaches (e.g., observing system experiments and adjoint methods), but instead asks a more general question of what information can be gained from particular observation types and distributions.

The successful applicant with a strong background in ocean observing and geophysical fluid dynamics will work in the research group ‘Experimental Oceanography’ at Universität Hamburg, and in close cooperation with the ‘Climate Modelling’ group at Universität Hamburg, with MPI-M, the National Oceanography Centre in the UK, with geophysicists at WHOI, and within the EPOC consortium.

In the period from as soon as possible until 30.06.2024 teaching duties currently comprise 4 teaching hours per week which may include supervision of doctoral students, student support, development of material for classes or assisting with fieldwork training (to be determined in discussion with the successful candidate).

Requirements

A university degree in a relevant field.

A doctoral degree is desired.

We expect an academic degree in applied mathematics, physics, meteorology, oceanography or computational science, a doctoral degree/PhD in a relevant field is desired, plus following skills:

demonstrated knowledge of ocean dynamics
experience with observational datasets would be beneficial
strong quantitative and communication skills
interest in seagoing and fieldwork
demonstrated knowledge and skills in a computer language (e.g. Python or MATLAB) including experience or an interest in gaining experience in research software best practices
ability to both work in a team and to conduct independent work
excellent organisational skills

We offer

Reliable remuneration based on wage agreements
Continuing education opportunities
University pensions
Attractive location
Flexible working hours
Work-life balance opportunities
Health management
Educational leave
30 days of vacation per annum

As a University of Excellence, Universität Hamburg is one of the strongest research universities in Germany. As a flagship university in the greater Hamburg region, it nurtures innovative, cooperative contacts to partners within and outside academia. It also provides and promotes sustainable education, knowledge, and knowledge exchange locally, nationally, and internationally.

Severely disabled and disabled applicants with the same status will receive preference over equally qualified non-disabled applicants.

Instructions for applying

Contact

Eleanor Frajka-Williams

eleanor.frajka@uni-hamburg.de

+49 40 42838-9540

Reference number

226

Location

Bundesstr. 53
20146 Hamburg


Application deadline

12.07.2023

Send us your complete application documents (cover letter, curriculum vitae, copies of degree certificate[s] and if necessary ID attesting to your disability or proof of equivalent status) via the online application form only.

If you experience technical problems, send an email to bewerbungen@uni-hamburg.de.


PDF Download

Diesen Job melden