Group Product Manager - Data
Instapro Group
Berlin
28 € pro Stunde - Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Gehalt
28 € pro Stunde
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Instapro Group is looking to hire a highly passionate and data-driven, experienced and creative product leader to manage, lead, grow, and mentor our Data teams.





Our Data teams currently consist of three teams: one team that focuses on our Experimentation & Adtech technology, one team that helps other product development teams with their Event Tracking, and one team that builds out and maintains our Data Engineering setup. Additionally, we expect the Group Product Manager Data also to work closely with our Data Scientists to ensure we leverage our data efficiently.




You will work alongside the other Group Product Managers and report directly to the VP Product. As Group Product Manager, you will mentor, coach and manage the Product Managers in your teams, and align with your peers and management. As a motivating leader, you will lead the development of the foundational data technology of our product, drive and optimize internal processes to further improve our data- and experiment driven product development processes, and work closely with other teams and Data Scientists to help them get the most out of our data capabilities.



This position requires a data mindset, technological knowhow and a deep understanding of data platform technologies, ML and AI and their applications in real-world scenarios. The ideal candidate combines deep domain knowledge with a consultative mindset and strong communication skills. You are used to partnering with product people and higher management alike in a fast-paced and team-driven environment.


Your role includes the following:

Co-create (with Engineering) a data product strategy for the company, formulating clear goals that the data teams can deliver on, and taking all requirements from other teams into account

Ensuring you and the product managers can turn that strategy into a concrete product roadmap and execute on it

Lead a team of product managers and provide guidance, coaching, and mentorship to help them achieve their goals and deliver high-quality products.

Work closely with business and product stakeholders to identify opportunities for new data products and services that can drive revenue growth and improve customer experience.

Provide thought leadership in the field of AI and ML, both internally and externally, by staying informed about industry best practices, trends, and advancements.

Together with your product peers evangelize an evidence-based and experiment-driven culture in our product development department


Multi-year experience in working in data platform technologies

3+years of experience leading and managing product managers

Experience with managing Data Science is considered a plus

Deep understanding of data platform technologies and their applications in real-world scenarios.

Familiarity with data science and machine learning concepts, tools, and frameworks.

Experience working in an Agile development environment.

Strong problem-solving skills and ability to navigate complex technical challenges.

Strong communication skills to translate complex data technology and data problems into comprehensible story-telling

You have strong interpersonal and communication skills in English, both in written and oral form; which enables you to work well in our distributed and hybrid organisational setup with emphasis on a-synchronous information flows


Why you’ll enjoy working at the Instapro Group

You can make an Impact. Joining Instapro Group is an opportunity to help crack the code in one of the last big industries to become digital-first. We’re leaders in our markets, yet small enough for everyone to make a real difference.

We care. We don’t believe in one size fits all. Whether it’s flexibility in your working hours, your location, or opportunities to advance and grow, you’ll find the space to be your best self.




These are the benefits you'll enjoy:




Highly competitive salary package

28 days paid holiday

Hybrid work environment

Pension scheme

Eligibility to receive stock appreciation rights

Mental health support via OpenUp

Training support

Public transport subsidy

Lunch allowance

Relocation budget & visa support if moving to Germany

Regular team events


These are the values that guide everything we do:

We put integrity first. We are authentic, transparent and respectful.
We are all stewards. We are stewards of the company on behalf of all stakeholders.
We follow the evidence. We are objective, evidence-based and pragmatic in our decision-making.
We never stop learning. We are open-minded and curious.
We win together. We collaborate and earn trust with our colleagues.
We are inclusive. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive company.

Read our values in full here




Interested in applying? Submit your application below and we will get back to you.

Diesen Job melden