Software Developer Data Analytics (m/f/d)
QuinLogic GmbH
52080 Aachen
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
At QuinLogic, we love software, technology and the opportunity to create. It only works in a team, where ideas come together and we support each other. We see ourselves as a community with common goals.

As a successful and innovative software company based in Aachen, Germany, we are small and strong enough that each of us assumes responsibility for his / her tasks and projects in a ﬂ at hierarchy. As a subsidiary of the SMS group, we are big enough for above-average development opportunities - for each and every one of us and for QuinLogic as a whole.

Within international corporate structures, we are as international as our customers on all continents. Steel and aluminum companies around the world rely on QuinLogic software to improve their quality processes. With our Quality Execution System (QES) and our Production Data Warehouse (PDW), we enable the company-wide merging of production and quality data, automatic quality assessment and process improvement. To do this, we use the most modern methods of software technology and machine learning.

Be there when we take the next step.

YOUR TASKS
Software development for the QES product family in the area of data analytics
Product development based on the latest programming tools and processes
Further development and maintenance of existing software modules

YOUR PROFILE
Completed degree in computer science, physics or another MINT subject or a comparable training
Advanced in using C #, .net, WPF and MVVM
Experience with relational database systems
Ideally, experience with data visualization and future technologies such as Big Data, Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence
Ready to keep pushing the boundaries of software technology
Don't be afraid of big projects
Communicative, team-oriented and independent
Good written and spoken German and / or English

OUR OFFER
Demanding and responsible work in a dynamically growing market
Comprehensive training in the software and its applications
A collegial working environment in an international team
Open-ended employment contract with attractive, performance-related remuneration
Flexible working hours and choice of workplace with flexible home office arrangements
Free drinks and JobRad (company bike) offers

Have we aroused your interest?

Do you have any further questions?

Helga Evers
QuinLogic GmbH
Heider-Hof-Weg 23
52080 Aachen
Germany
Telefon: +49 2405 479994-21
E-Mail: jobs@quinlogic.de
Diesen Job melden