Product Engineer 3D Reality Mapping (m/f/d)
Esri
70176 Stuttgart
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Are you passionate about spatial data processing? Do you enjoy contributing to software development? Are you an investigative character — someone that truly wants to understand the mechanics through data analysis striving for constant improvement? Are you passionate about user experience and translating customers’ needs into technical requirements? Your eye for detail empowers user success through testing and structured validation? You enjoy training people personally and in written form by making complex topics simple to understand?

If you are excited about 3D reality capture and models and you enjoy working in a diverse, fun, caring, and progressive environment, join us in our mission of developing the leading photogrammetry software worldwide! You will work with an innovative team to provide a solution that allows users to unlock the full value of 3D surface data.

Tasks


Collaborate in a team to create industry-leading software for 3D reconstruction from images and lidar, scene understanding as well as visualization solutions
Contribute to the long-term product and short-term development roadmaps
Analyze, test, release, and support our products to enhance overall product quality
Use your analytical and problem-solving skills to improve development, integration, and deployment workflows
Manage bugs found through in-house testing as well as those reported by customers
Contribute to development by pushing the limits of the software with creative workflows and evaluate and analyze data to empower future product development
Create compelling product examples, blogs, articles, documentation, and tutorials to showcase new features
Establish and define customer requirements; translate them into potential product improvements and new software designs
Prepare and present demonstrations, talks, and workshops for international conferences
Shape a product directly for a growing community of reality capture users
Requirements


2+ years of professional industry experience with relevant technology such as geospatial applications
Excellent written and verbal communication and presentation skills
Passion for quality and detail
Know how to break software by finding bugs
Drive to get to the bottom of complex projects involving real-world data – always striving for sustainable solutions
Bachelor’s in the engineering field – preferably geomatics engineering, computer science, or related
Existing work authorization for Germany
Recommended Qualifications


Knowledge of software development (C++, C#, Java, Python, etc.)
Expertise in efficient handling of spatial data including automation with scripting
Familiarity with 3D modeling
Familiarity with GIS applications and technologies, ideally ArcGIS
Benefits


High profile team that is driven by the pursuit of excellent results
Active ambition to become a technology leader in 3D reconstruction technology
Passionate and supportive working culture
Flat hierarchies
Emphasis on team and personal growth through training and team development events
Strong focus on company culture: appreciative, compassionate communication, enabling and embracing diversity
Well-appointed office environment and equipment in the center of Stuttgart
Part of Esri, a global organization based in California focused on GIS and spatial analytics to enable global change
Attractive compensation and benefits like public transport, leased e-bikes, and fitness
We are an international team of young, engaged individuals who love to create professional photogrammetry software, turning cutting-edge research into value for our customers. Embracing a high diversity of skills and cultures, curiosity and an urge for excellence drive us. Municipalities and leading companies of the mapping industry use our unique technology for countrywide data production. We have built a strong reputation in the market—for us, this is just the beginning. Facing an evolving market and many fascinating challenges in technology, we need your expertise to help us get to the next level.

The Esri R&D Center-Stuttgart develops the software technology SURE, which is used worldwide to reconstruct 3D surface models from images and lidar. As one of the leading solutions in this domain, it focuses on high accuracy and large-scale applications like aerial mapping of entire cities and countries. The resulting data empowers various applications in areas like smart cities, infrastructure, 5G planning, change detection, environment monitoring, cadaster mapping, or VR.

In our software development, we implement recent research from Photogrammetry, Computer Vision, and Machine learning into reality capture software. Our development language for the SURE engine is usually cross-platform C++ (CPU as well as GPU)— as scalability and performance are important in our engineering work to be able to process massive datasets efficiently on workstations, computing clusters, or cloud infrastructures.
Diesen Job melden