Data Scientist (m/f/d)
Vaillant Group Business Services GmbH
Remscheid
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

WORKING AT VAILLANT GROUP.
TAKING CARE OF A BETTER CLIMATE.



Having a global team of 16,000 colleagues and more than 70 nationalities. And enabling many of them to work flexibly when needed.
Both count. Both are us.


Data Scientist (m/f/d)
WHAT YOU WILL DO

In this role you will work in a team of data scientists and data engineers on Advanced Analytics of customer data to drive our corporate’s vision of “Taking care of a better climate”
You will support the development of algorithms to gain insights on our customer’s demands and preferences in order to further improve customer experience and loyalty
Thanks to your expertise, you will apply machine learning techniques to make our products, services and internal processes smarter and ensure the reliability of your predictive models
Furthermore, you will visualize insights in a comprehensible way and present results to stakeholders concisely and clearly
You will provide advice to and share your knowledge regarding advanced analytics with data analysts in different business units and in our community of data enthusiasts
You will use state-of-the-art cloud technology and continuously extend your knowledge and skills



WHAT YOU BRING ALONG

You have a Master`s degree or a PhD in computer science, natural sciences, econometrics, or other quantitative fields and have at least 3 years practical experience in Data Science/Data Analytics preferably around customer insights
Experience in the development and evaluation of statistical models and a habit of continuously challenging your results and their statistical validity is a must
You have expertise in at least one relevant programming language (Python, Java, Scala, SQL, etc.) and can visualize data, e.g. in tools like Tableau
Ideally you are familiar with cloud services and Data Science related components, preferably in MS Azure
Ability to work in a team, combined with a high degree of curiosity, initiative and the motivation to work in an agile and interdisciplinary environment
You are fluent in English and are willing to improve your German



WHAT WE OFFER

Constant learning opportunities for both technical and personal growth through a range of workshops, seminars, events, and e-learnings
We offer up to 70% remote work. In addition, our employees can work from a European Union country for up to 30 days a year
All our employees with electric cars can use our electric filling station


Svetlina Klose

+492191 18 2582

svetlina.klose@vaillant-group.com

Vaillant Group




WORKING AT VAILLANT GROUP.
TAKING CARE OF A BETTER CLIMATE.



Having a global team of 16,000 colleagues and more than 70 nationalities. And enabling many of them to work flexibly when needed.
Both count. Both are us.

Diesen Job melden