Quant Developer (m/f/x) – Global Foreign Exchange
Deutsche Bank
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung

About the job

Deutsche Bank Technology in Berlin

DB Technology is a global team of tech specialists, spread across multiple trading hubs and tech centres. We have a strong focus on promoting technical excellence – our engineers work at the forefront of financial services innovation using cutting-edge technologies.

Our Berlin location is our most recent addition to our global network of tech centres and growing strongly. We are committed to building a diverse workforce and to creating excellent opportunities for talented engineers and technologists. Our tech teams and business units use agile ways of working to create #GlobalHausbank solutions from our home market.

Global Foreign Exchange

Global Foreign Exchange (GFX) is a vital part of the DB Investment Bank that provides our clients with many ways to manage their currency risk. GFX is an industry recognized market leader in many products (like Options, Swaps) and top-3 in all FX products across the world.

You will be a part of the group of experts in quantitative analytics and engineers with deep knowledge in system design and programming, who are working on a cross-platform analytics library with a rich set of instruments for Foreign Exchange (FX) derivatives pricing, risk calculations, portfolio analysis and Profit and Loss (P&L) explain. The library is a key component of world class trading and execution systems for Global Foreign Exchange (GFX), developed by an international team in London, Berlin, Moscow and St. Petersburg.

> You love this job but feel you cannot tick 100% of the boxes? Send us your CV anyway!

Your key responsibilities

Responsible for analysis, design and development of quantitative algorithms, new models and products using C++

Responsible for finding performance bottlenecks, ability to propose design for complex business problems, refactoring and simplification of existing solutions

Responsible for working closely with trading, quants and other stakeholders to clarify requirements

Together with Information Technology (IT) teams integrate implemented functionality into our pricing and risk management systems, participate in user acceptance testing

Provide quantitative expertise during production support

Your skills and experiences

Degree from a university in math, physics or computer science related subject

Good knowledge of C++, STL, Boost, data structures, algorithms and design patterns

Hands-on experience working with large-scale commercial systems and modern continuous integration techniques

Experience with other programming languages (Python, Java, C#) is an advantage

Quantitative finance knowledge is an advantage

What we offer

Competitive salary and benefits , including 30 days of holiday

Hybrid model of remote work and office days

Working at the forefront of financial services technology at scale!

In case of any recruitment related questions, please get in touch with Luisa Moderzinski.



Contact: Luisa Moderzinski (+49 15129200322)



Unsere Werte bestimmen das Arbeitsumfeld, welches wir schaffen möchten – vielfältig, wertschätzend und offen für verschiedene Meinungen. Nur eine Unternehmenskultur, die eine Vielzahl von Perspektiven, sowie kulturellen und gesellschaftlichen Hintergründen vereint, fördert Innovation. Wir setzten auf vielfältige Teams, in welchen die Menschen ihr volles Potential entfalten können – denn das Zusammenführen verschiedener Talente und Ideen spielt eine entscheidende Rolle für den geschäftlichen Erfolg der Deutschen Bank.

Unsere Unternehmenskultur setzt hohe ethische Standards und fördert ein gutes Miteinander. Unabhängig von kulturellem Hintergrund, Nationalität, ethnischer Zugehörigkeit, geschlechtlicher und sexueller Identität, körperlichen Fähigkeiten, Religion und Generation freuen wir uns über Bewerbungen talentierter Menschen.
Sprechen Sie uns an: Wir bieten flexible Arbeitszeitmodelle und weitere Zusatzleistungen, um Sie in Ihrem Berufsleben zu unterstützen.

Klicken Sie hier für weitere Informationen zu Vielfalt und Teilhabe in der Deutschen Bank.

Diesen Job melden