Wissenschaftliche/r Mitarbeiter/in (m/w/d) im Forschungsbereich „Visual neuroscience and neurostimulation” Postdoc (m/f/d) in the research area „Visual neuroscience and neurostimulation”
Justus-Liebig-Universität Gießen
Deutschland
Befristeter Vertrag
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Befristeter Vertrag

Founded in 1607, Justus Liebig University Giessen (JLU) is a research university rich in tradition. Inspired by curiosity about the unknown, we enable around 26,500 students and 5,700 employees to advance science for society. Join us in breaking new ground and writing success stories - your own and those of our university.




Support us from August 1st, 2023 in full-time as a




Postdoc (m/f/d) in the research area

„Visual neuroscience and neurostimulation”




The position is part of the externally funded project "Probing prefrontal influences on the emergence of visual category representations" (funded by the DFG) and is fixed term according to § 2 WissZeitVG and § 72 HessHG including the opportunity for further scientific qualification at the Chair of Neural Computation, Department of Mathematics at the Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science, Physics, Geography. The salary is in accordance with the collective labour agreement of the State of Hessen (E 13 TV-H).




You will be hired until 31.07.2026, unless the maximal duration of consecutive fixed-term contracts is exceeded.




Your tasks at a glance

You will work in a project that aims to uncover how brain mechanisms in frontal cortex contribute to the analysis of categorical inputs in visual cortex. To uncover interactions between frontal cortex and visual cortex, the project will use a combination of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), perceptual experiments, and neuroimaging (EEG/fMRI)
Devise experimental routines
Independently conduct TMS, EEG and fMRI experiments
Analyze the resulting data
Disseminate the results at conferences and through journal publications



The scientific work on the (third-party funded) project will also serve the purpose of obtaining further scientific qualifications.




Your qualifications and competences

Completed Master‘s or equivalent university degree in Psychology, Neuroscience, Computer Science, Biology (or a related discipline)
Completed PhD
Theoretical foundations in the field of (visual) cognitive neuroscience
Experience with using neurostimulation methods (preferably TMS)
Experience with independently collecting neuroscientific data (EEG and/or fMRI)
Experience with EEG and/or fMRI data analysis
Excellent programming skills (in Matlab and/or Python)
Excellent command of the written and spoken English language
Ability to work reliably and independently, as well as within a team



Our offer to you

A varied job with flexible working hours
Integration into a large vision community in Gießen, with big third-party funded cluster projects (SFB/TRR135 - “Cardinal Mechanisms of perception”, funded by the DFG, and “The Adaptive Mind”, funded by the Hessian Ministry of Hessian Ministry of Higher Education, Science, Research and Art), with ample opportunities for training, discussion, and collaboration
Access to world-class research facilities in a vibrant vision science centre
Free use of local public transport (LandesTicket Hessen)
More than 100 training seminars, workshops and e-learning opportunities per year for personal development, as well as a wide range of health and sports activities
Remuneration according to TV-H, company pension scheme, child allowance and special payments
Good compatibility of family and career (certificate "audit familiengerechte hochschule")



For further questions or informal inquiries, please do not hesitate to contact Prof. Dr. Daniel Kaiser by phone (+49641/9932110) or by e-mail (daniel.kaiser@math.uni-giessen.de).




JLU aims to employ more women in academic research. We therefore particularly encourage female candidates to apply. JLU is regarded as a family-friendly university. Applicants with children are very welcome. Applications from disabled people of equal aptitude will be given preference.




You want to break new ground with us?

Apply via our online form by July 6th, 2023, indicating reference number 339/07. We look forward to receiving your application.




Back

Diesen Job melden