Scientist/DevOps in E-Science Section (w/m/d)
Leibniz Institut für Astrophysik
14482 Potsdam
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Scientists at the Leibniz Institute for Astrophysics Potsdam (AIP) work on a variety of astrophysical topics
covering the full range from solar physics to cosmology. Key aspects are cosmic magnetic fields and extra-
galactic astrophysics supported by a large technology team on spectroscopy, robotics, and e-science. The
AIP is located in the beautiful Potsdam/Babelsberg area, at the South-western border of the Berlin metro-
politan area. It continues the tradition of the Astrophysical Observatory Potsdam and the Berlin Observa-
tory (founded in 1700) and has about 200 employees.

The Leibniz-Institute for Astrophysics Potsdam (AIP), Supercomputing and E-Science section, invites
applications for a position within the team.

Scientist/DevOps in E-Science Section (w/m/d)

We are looking for a developer, preferably with astrophysics or physics background, who wants to work in
this intersection between astronomy and data science. The tasks require programming skills (python, web
technology), knowledge of RDBMs and SQL, as well as domain knowledge in astrophysics or natural
sciences. A university degree is required.

The AIP is participating in many scientific data infrastructure projects such as ESCAPE and NFDI, often in
collaboration with other AIP science groups or sections and leads one task area of the PUNCH4NFDI consor-
tium. Also, the 4MOST public archive is managed by this section. AIP is a member of the SDSS collaboration
and one of the initiators of the German Center for Astronomy (DZA) to be built in the coming years.

The appointment will be initially for 24 months, and can start immediately after the selection process is fin-
ished. Please submit your application via the online-portal.

The AIP is an equal opportunity employer and strives to maintain a diverse, inclusive work environment and
culture. AIP particularly encourages applications from women and those from diverse backgrounds. Prefer-
ence will also be given to people with disabilities with equal competence. The appointment could start im-
mediately after the recruitment process is completed.
Salary and social benefits are calculated based on the German public service scale TV-L (TVL 13) and de-
pends on qualification. Employer contributions to medical, parental leave, and retirement benefits are in-
cluded.

Contact for further information:

Leibniz-Institut für Astrophysik Potsdam (AIP)
Dr. Harry Enke
An der Sternwarte 16
D-14482 Potsdam

bewerbung_2023-05@aip.de

Diesen Job melden