Software Developer Working Student (f/m/d), part- or full-time in Berlin, Munich or Vienna
Speedinvest
10115 Berlin
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
About Speedinvest


Speedinvest is a leading early-stage venture capital firm with more than €1B AuM and 40 investors based in Berlin, London, Munich, Paris, and Vienna. Our dedicated sector-focused teams are the first to fund Europe's most innovative technology startups and our in-house operational experts are on-hand to offer founders ongoing support with growth, HR, US market expansion, and more. Wefox, Bitpanda, TIER Mobility, GoStudent, Curve, CoachHub, Schüttflix, TourRadar, Adverity, and Twaice are among our portfolio of 250+ companies.

We are looking to hire a Working Student/Intern with a background in Software Engineering and Machine Learning.

Your Responsibilities


Help us build and maintain internal software tools to leverage the potential of data across investment processes
Work closely with the investment team and fine tune models based on their feedback
Design and build technology-driven workflows to improve team efficiency across deal screening, due diligence and portfolio monitoring
Evaluate the effectiveness of current algorithms and continuously fine-tune our models and how we use technology in day-to-day tasks
Assist the team with internal initiatives and projects; provide ad-hoc support on analyzing and cleaning large datasets

Your Qualifications


Enrolled on a Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Engineering
Strong knowledge and hands-on experience with Python, NodeJS, SQL and AWS. Experience building ML models is a big plus
Good knowledge of software engineering best practices and the full development lifecycle
Previous exposure and demonstrated interest in Venture Capital and the startups ecosystem, eager to understand the fundamentals of our business
Ability to work independently and in a team environment
Strong interpersonal skills with an outgoing nature
Fluent in English

What We Offer?


Opportunity to work in a successful, innovative European Venture Capital Fund within an international team
Work in an inspiring environment directly with senior partners and receive ongoing training to develop your technical, leadership and interpersonal skills

Speedinvest believes in equal opportunities for everyone and encourages diversity and inclusion. We want to encourage applicants with diverse backgrounds to apply to the Venture Capital world. We process all applications without regard to gender, nationality, race, color, religion, age, disability status, sexual orientation or marital status.

If you want to work in venture capital and are passionate about making an impact, we look forward to receiving your application!

Diesen Job melden