(Senior) Data Analyst - Product (m/f/d)
Jimdo
12099 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Jimdo’s mission is to unleash the power of self-employed small business owners, the backbone of the global economy, and help them thrive. We offer products and services to help founders start, grow, and manage their businesses.

Jimdo was founded by three school friends in 2007 in a farmhouse in Northern Germany. Today, we’re a growing profitable business with a team of 250+ people from 50 nationalities based in over 15 countries. We have a physical location in Hamburg, Germany, where teams come together for in-person collaboration. Jimdo started as a website builder, and has helped businesses create over 32 million websites. Over the years, our portfolio evolved to specifically serve the unique needs of microbusinesses. In addition to our GDPR-compliant website builder powered by AI, we offer an online store, logo creator, legal text generator, business listings, social media integration, SEO, and more.

We are constantly developing new products and services that make the lives of microbusiness owners easier and help fuel their businesses. If you’re inspired by our mission and like the idea of working for a dynamic remote-first company where you can create impact from day 1, we’d love to meet you!


Responsibilities:
You interact with our cross-functional Product teams to provide detailed quantitative analyses that will drive and inform strategic decisions
You lever your experience to develop an in-depth analytical understanding for what drives growth for the product and how it can be improved
You consult and advise key stakeholders and management on product strategy and growth opportunities
You promote a data-driven mindset across the whole Product organization, making sure that data is at the heart of every decision we make
You iteratively optimize key performance indicators by means of A/B-testing or other innovative and creative analytics solutions
You utilize machine learning in order to create a customized product experience for our users





Requirements:
You have 3+ years of experience in similar product analytics or data science role(s)
You are an expert in processing and evaluating big data sets with appropriate tools and methods (SQL, R, Python, Tableau; or Product Analytics tools like Mixpanel, Amplitude, Pendo or Heap) to understand and predict user behavior
You have a deep understanding of what best practice funnel analytics, customer segmentation, user modeling and A/B testing looks like
You effectively communicate complex matters and requirements to non-domain experts in a simple, crisp and concise way - visually and verbally
You have sharp business judgment and easily separate signals from noise when it comes to summarizing and presenting actionable insights
You are creative, organized and self-motivated. You enjoy sitting close to the business and making an impact.

Nice to have:

You have a track record of empowering your stakeholders to use self-service analytics solutions and increasing their data fluency
You already worked in a SaaS / Freemium product environment
You have experience with Snowflake and dbt




What we offer
Meaningful mission:
By helping solopreneurs and small businesses succeed we’re making communities around us more sustainable, resilient, and vibrant.
Flexibility and Trust:
Fully remote work with elements of in-person collaboration.
Flexible working hours. We value outcomes over presenteeism.
Option to work outside of your country of employment for up to 90 days in a year.
Side hustles encouraged.
Diverse international team:
We’re 250+ people representing 50+ nationalities and based in 15+ locations.
Employee-led DEI Council, active ERGs.
Growth and Career Development:
Culture of knowledge sharing supported by our learning experience platform (LXP) HowNow.
Opportunity to share ideas and create impact from Day 1.
Flat hierarchies and short decision-making process.
Competitive benefits, including:
Compensation reviewed at least once a year.
Remote Office Set Up bonus.
Workation Policy.
Employee Assistance Program (resources, counseling).
Up to three free Jimdo websites that you get to keep forever!


Jimdo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don’t discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. We’re a diverse team in so many ways, and we love it that way.


By sending your application, you declare that you read and understand the Jimdo Applicant Privacy Policy.

Diesen Job melden