Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Expert Business Intelligence & Data Science (all genders)
meteocontrol GmbH
86157 Augsburg
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your mission

You will collaborate on projects with other domain experts as part of the cross-functional pre-development team on prototype development for future applications.
You take over the technical leadership in the field of Data Science and Business Intelligence, and you are responsible for the knowledge management within the company for your area of expertise.
As a technical expert, you advise the development team on certification and compliance issues and regularly represent meteocontrol at trade fairs and congresses in front of a professional audience.
In pre-development, you develop technical concepts for the application of data science methods for data-driven decision-making and recommendations for action.
You advise and support the development team in the selection, implementation and further development of algorithms and tools for yield forecasting, power plant simulation and fault detection in renewable energy power plants.
You support our product management team in the development, compilation, and technical review of complex technical concepts for specific product management requirements, including an advisory role to facilitate solutions.

Your profile

Successfully completed degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field with a focus on Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics or Optimization.
Several years of professional experience in Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, ideally with experience in engineering applications.
Outstanding knowledge of programming languages for building models (e.g., C++, Python, PySpark, R and/or Scala) and Data Science frameworks such as Scikit Learn, Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch etc.
Very good knowledge of database architecture and data model development, ideally experience with data warehouse / OLAP architectures and systems.
Hands-on experience building and managing automated data pipelines into a Data Lake infrastructure around cloud architectures, containers (e.g., Docker), Kubernetes and Cloud Services.
Experience with version control, test-driven development (TDD), and software testing (e.g., unit testing)
Proficient with data visualization tools such as PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik or similar.
Effective and motivating communication to engineers, leaders, and business administrators

Why us?

A perfect mix: A medium-sized but international company with a strong focus on culture and values that values you and your work
Flexibility is important to you? - With our flexible home office and working time model with a flexitime account, this is possible with us
Stay fit: Train with our attractive employer subsidy at Urban Sports Club, take part in our JobRad leasing or power yourself up at our annual company run
With our learning & development tool Udemy and up to 5 paid working days for this, mc supports you in your personal and professional development
A place to feel good: You can expect a modern and bright office with comfortable break areas and plants. For a vitamin kick, enjoy our weekly organic fruit basket as well as free hot and cold drinks
Not only a team at work: barbecue on our roof terrace, table tennis or table soccer tournaments and other events like our mc Summer Party or our Christmas party are waiting for you
Besides our company pension plan, we subsidize your capital-forming benefits in the amount of 27€ per month
In addition to your salary, mc supports you with a SpenditCard in the amount of 50€ per month

About us

At meteocontrol, we have been dedicated to renewable energies since 1998 and are one of the world's leading developers of independent energy management systems. With our holistic solutions, we accompany the entire life cycle of energy systems. From planning to commissioning, we support our customers as independent technical consultants. For this we need a team of highly qualified and motivated employees.
Do you want to become part of our diverse team from different departments and drive the future of renewable energies together?

With energy into the future. We are looking forward to you!

Diesen Job melden