Senior Data Engineer (m/f/d)
Friendsurance
10961 Berlin-Kreuzberg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
We at Friendsurance

We believe that dealing with insurance should bring a smile to your face. We build the most intuitive platforms, making insurance all about the customer.

A Bit about You

You are a savvy Data Engineer (m/f/d), who will be responsible for optimizing and expanding our data and data pipeline architecture. You will also work cross-functionally to create data products that our stakeholders can use to make informed decisions and will dive deeply into understanding and transforming our data into clean, efficient data models that will power Data Science and Analytics platforms.

You are proud to master

You will design and build new data platform from scratch including Data Lake with the use of top innovative tools on the market

You will ingest and aggregate data from both internal and external data sources to build our world class datasets

You will help with data related topics for building reports and dashboards on demand for C-Level, Marketing, Product and other departments

You will use your analytical skills combined with mathematical, statistical and experimental tools and techniques to provide data driven conclusions and recommendations

You will definitely work closely with the Tech, Product and other teams on data related topics

It would be awesome if you could follow the Business Intelligence and Data trends in innovation and provide the guidance for improvements in data team

You will build data pipelines, products and participate in machine learning projects on new platform

You will build and support data and business Intelligence products in MS SQL Stack (MS SQL, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS)

Your full access pass ❤️

You have 4 years of experience in business intelligence and data engineering

You have worked with modern data platforms

You have experience in working with AWS Data Engineering technologies(S3, Glue, Redshift and other)

Experience with MSSQL Stack (MS SQL DB, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) is positively valued.

You have experience working with SQL, Python. Flask and PySpark are a nice to have.

You understand Data Engineering and Business Intelligence best practices.

You are up to date knowledge about current Data & Business Intelligence tools and their applications

You are highly professional, have great team collaboration skills and have a high level of commitment

Preferably with degree in business informatics, economics, mathematics or equivalent area

Experience with any of the tools like Kafka, DataBricks, Snowflake, dbt, Segment, Airflow is a big plus

Experience in web and app tracking (e.g. Google Analytics, Matomo) is a plus

Experience with Fintech or Insurtech is a plus

Experience with data science and machine learning is a plus

Experience with Analytical approaches or previous Analyst positions is a plus

Fluent in English, German is a plus

By the way - You don’t need to check all the boxes. We want to meet YOU!

Why us?

Relocation and visa support
Flexible working hours
Large 1,000 sqm office with food, drinks, kickers, table tennis, and pool table in the middle of Berlin
Budget for your personal development
Regular team events and company parties, e.g. boat trips, cooking together
Foreign language courses
Digital offers with renowned sports partners & corporate discounts
Individual health and well-being sessions
And so much more!
Get to know us better ❤️

We as a Team

We love what we do and what we build. We care about our amazing team. We value each team member and develop their unique talents.

We want to make sure that everyone counts and everyone can thrive. Ambition, kindness and care are at the core of Friendsurance’s heart.


We at Tech

We are a strong team of 50+ engineers who are obsessed with technology and customers. Our Chief Tech Officer is in the top 25 Fintech CTOs in the world, driving and supporting us to reach our potential. In 6 cross-functional teams we leverage the latest technologies and strive for simplicity and scalability. We deliver solutions in Agile cycles together with the biggest partners in the industry.

Our Tech Radar: https://tech.friendsurance.de/

About us

Friendsurance is a Berlin-based Insurtech company, providing easy-to-use innovative insurance solutions for B2C clients and B2B partners.

With partners like Deutsche Bank and Allianz, Friendsurance ist the N°1 bancassurance platform provider in Europe. We work with 7 bancassurance partners, connecting 175 insurers and 50 million addressable users.

Diesen Job melden