Data Scientist (m/w/d)
AGCO
Marktoberdorf
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

For our Customer Service Team at our bavarian location Marktoberdorf we are looking for a




Data Scientist (m/f/d)

Ref.: 91420


At Fendt, you will work for the premium supplier and innovation driver in the agricultural machinery industry. As a reliable partner for our farmers, you will help master challenging situations in the best possible way. We see ourselves as dynamic decision-makers and always find a solution. To do this, we use state-of-the-art technologies, ranging from augmented reality to artificial intelligence. We are proud to be considered the number 1 in service & support for agricultural technology. With us, you can expect a strong team spirit and the satisfaction of our customers.

This position will work with business leaders and functional domain experts to formulate use-cases, turn them into data requirements and structure end to end analytics-based solutions. The role's primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, statistical analysis, and machine learning models to build and deploy high quality prediction systems integrated with our applications and services.


What You Will Do


Mines and analyzes complex and unstructured data sets using advanced statistical methods for use in data driven decision making
Engages with business leaders and functional domain experts to map business ideas & opportunities into analytical use cases and defines an implementation strategy
Uses statistical analysis and machine learning techniques to carry out descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics use cases
Determine appropriate analytics technique for addressing classes of business problems. Assesses feasibility of analytics use cases in POC studies
Maps analytical insights into actionable recommendations. Uses data visualizations and story telling to explain analytical KPI‘s and to make them relevant to the business
Acts as a change agent to drive data driven decision making within the organisation
Plans & manages activities of data science teams and project tasks
Possesses clear understanding of data mining techniques, ranging from regression analysis, cluster analysis, decision trees, neural networks and Bayesian methods to optimization and stochastic analysis
Works with cloud & data engineers to deploy & integrate analytics based solutions using scalable, performant and cost efficient machine learning pipelines


What You Will Bring


Completed university studies (Bachelor/Master)
Minimum of 3+ years work experience focusing primarily on data analytics subjects
Ability to conduct detailed root-cause analyses, integrate multiple data sets, generate insights and provide innovative business solutions
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team and communicate analytics-related business value towards stakeholders (data story telling)
Advanced analytics tools (Python, R, SAS, SQL etc.) to carry out statistical and machine learning analysis
Use big data computing frameworks for processing of large data volumes (AWS Glue, EMR and Sagemaker)
Ability to create repeatable, automated processes & data pipelines
Familiar with cloud technologies for model development and deployment
Oral and written communication skills in both German and English




A Plus If You Have


A work background from the Management Consulting sector with exposure to the Agriculture Business
Problem/situation analysis
Ability to identify and seek needed information/research skills
Analytical thinking skills and statistical knowledge
Technical expertise, moreover mathematical skills


What We Offer


We welcome you to our appreciative, open corporate culture – with a great team spirit and good work atmosphere. We offer attractive, fair remuneration, with additional insurance and pension schemes. We attach great importance to supporting you in your individual work-life balance – your health is important to us. As part of our Corporate Health Management, you will benefit from intensive company medical care, advice on social matters, numerous sports programs, and much more. Your ideas and your personal and professional development are important to us. We look forward to developing your full potential together with you and shaping the future of sustainable agriculture.


Fendt – A brand of the AGCO Corporation.


Our long-standing tradition and passion for agriculture make Fendt a strong brand. The Fendt brand has been part of the US global player since 1997.

Experience our global diversity and enterprising spirit. Let's work together to bring a positive change to agriculture and help us develop innovative technologies that will support us in mastering new challenges such as the world’s growing population in the coming years. Help us shape the agriculture of tomorrow and become part of our team.

Diesen Job melden