UX Researcher (m/f/d)
home24 SE
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

UX Researcher (m/f/d)

Our UX/ UI colleagues are working as advocates for our home24 customers. We are creating a personalized, user-friendly and consistent user experience during the entire customer journey across all devices and contact points, and throughout repeated visits. Our goal is to balance business and user needs of all home24 digital and non-digital products to make the customer experience useful, desirable, accessible, credible, findable, mobile and valuable during the entirety of the customer’s relationship with home24. For us to continue this incredible task, we are looking for you!

Your responsibilities
You will not only lead the creation of user-centric concepts and share the knowledge throughout the whole company, but also mentor colleagues and teams on UX goals, principles, best practices and standards
Design and conduct online and offline user research studies through usability testing, click testing, surveys, in-depth interviews, focus groups and concept/prototype testing
Collaborate directly with product managers, software engineers and stakeholders during the planning, coordinating and the execution of user research projects
Coordinate user research projects by understanding business needs and designing appropriate research studies to generate focused insights
Translate these insights with the UX Team into strong UX-design recommendations and ensure results are reached in the planned timeframe
Plan and lead user research efforts in close alignment with the UX designers and with direction from digital product owners
Use product analytic tools to collect, analyze and translate quantitative data into results that have a clear, direct impact on your research projects
Your profile
Several years of relevant experience and ideally a degree in psychology, cognitive science, HCI, UI/UX, data analysis or relevant field
Great analytical skills and the ability to make reasonable use of the data that you are working with
Exceptional knowledge on how to conduct qualitative user research (such as interviews and surveys) and how to how to approach quantitative and qualitative research and translate those results into concepts
Highly experienced with typical UX research tools for qualitative user testing, surveys and preferably also prototyping tools
Ability to work pro-actively and independently on multiple projects at the same time
Deep understanding of user research concepts and the importance of customer centricity in practice
Proven track record of experience in running UX research projects (portfolio or presentable case studies)
Fluent in German and English
What we offer you

Your impact

The chance to make an impact in a highly motivated team of professionals
An open-minded culture ready to incorporate new and creative ideas

Your growth

Extensive learning opportunities from our home24 academy and external partners
Room for growth and development within your role through regular feedback rounds

Your path

Hybrid working model: you have the flexibility to work from home on Wednesdays and Fridays in our standard working mode. We are in the office together on Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays
The possibility to work up to two months per year within Germany or from an EU country
The opportunity to take up to 30 days paid vacation each year to unwind and recharge
City mobility with a subsidized public transportation ticket and our eco-friendly bike leasing program #ridinghome

Your second home

International campus in the heart of Berlin featuring drive-in bicycle garage, outdoor space and lounge areas, fitness facilities, parent and multi-faith rooms close to the Berlin S-Bahn train station Landsberger Allee
Company benefits including a pension scheme, 25% off the home24 assortment, and employee discounts at partner organizations
You want to learn more about our home24 company culture and what it is like to be a Homie? Follow @teamhome24 on Instagram



If you are interested in being a part of an exciting success story, get in touch. Send us a copy of your resume and relevant documents as well as your expected salary and possible start date via Softgarden.

Your home is surely filled with furniture of varying materials and styles. The same is true for home24 as an employer. We celebrate the diversity of the people who work with us. Be who you are and feel welcome to #makeyourselfathome24

You can find all job offers on our career site!

home24 SE | Otto-Ostrowski-Straße 3 | 10249 Berlin | Contact: Carolin Lehmann

We are home24, a leading home & living e-commerce platform in continental Europe and Brazil. We are currently active in eight countries and in 2018, we became a publicly listed company in Germany. Over 1,000 Homies work together towards a common goal: to create happy homes for everyone and every budget.

How can we reach this goal? With an assortment of over 250,000 pieces of furniture and accessories from more than 1,000 suppliers, we offer the perfect addition to any living space combined with the comfort of being able to shop from anywhere.

What makes us proud to be Homies? We are pioneers in our market who seamlessly combine technology and creativity. We utilize data to provide personalized recommendations, tips and inspiration for every home.

At home24, we strive to deliver a superior assortment of products and the best service. To do this, we need fresh ideas, 100% motivation, and dedication to our company mission. We always have a space at our table for service-minded individuals who are passionate about digitization and modern living.

Diesen Job melden