Research Associate (m/f/x)
Technische Universität Dresden
01069 Dresden
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Technische Universität Dresden (TUD), as a University of Excellence, is one of the leading and
most dynamic research institutions in the country. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented,
regionally anchored top university as it focuses on the grand challenges of the 21st century. lt
develops innovative solutions for the world's most pressing issues. In research and academic
programs, the university unites the natural and engineering sciences with the humanities, social
sciences and medicine. This wide range of disciplines is a special feature, facilitating interdisciplinary
work and the transfer of science to society. As a modern employer, it offers attractive working
conditions to all employees in teaching, research, technology and administration. The goal is to
promote and develop their individual abilities while empowering everyone to reach their full potential.
TUD embodies a university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, mutual appreciation,
thriving innovation and active participation. For TUD diversity is an essential feature and a quality
criterion of an excellent university. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who would like to commit
themselves, their achievements and productivity to the success of the whole institution.

At the Faculty of Mechanical Science and Engineering, Institute of Process Engineering and
Environmental Technology, the Process Systems Engineering Group offers, subject to resources
being available, a project position as



Research Associate (m/f/x)
(subject to personal qualification employees are remunerated according to salary group E 13 TV-L)



starting September 1, 2023. The position is within the research project Reunion – "Interlinked
demonstrator network for optimized process chains" and is initially limited until June 30, 2026. The
period of employment is governed by § 2 (2) Fixed Term Research Contracts Act
(Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz - WissZeitVG).

The projects aim to provide scientific support to suppliers in the engineering of energy-efficient,
automated and approvable process modules for new and further development of process modules
with the objectives of energy-efficient process control by means of Module Type Package (MTP),
transparency of energy demand by means of energy KPIs and condition of modules and approval of
energy-efficient modular plants by means of prepared modules and FAIR documentation.

Tasks: Development of a Digital Twin for the Evaluation and Optimization of the Energy Efficiency of
Modular Plants on Module and Plant Levels:

conducting workshops with project partners from industry and academia for requirements
analysis
development of methods for system process integration of digital twins of individual modules
to the digital twin of the modular plant
development of methods to evaluate the energy efficiency of individual modules and sub-
modules in plants with complex topologies (e.g.: global sensitivity analysis)
online optimization of plant operation based on the digital twin of the plant
support in the deployment of the digital twins and adaptation of automation
coordination of research results with our academic and industrial partners and publication at

international conferences and in recognized scientific journals. Scientific journals.

Requirements:

above-average university degree in the field of process engineering, chemical engineering,
energy engineering, automation engineering, control engineering or related fields

good knowledge of systems process engineering modeling, simulation and optimization
first experience with modeling software (e.g. MATLAB, Python, Aspen, gPROMS)
independent, goal- and solution-oriented way of working
interdisciplinary and team-oriented thinking
confident command of the German and English language, both written and spoken.

Are you enthusiastic about research and development work for digitalization in the process industry?
Do you like to learn something new every day? Then the team of the Process Systems Engineering
Group and the associated Chair of Process Control Systems offers you just the right opportunities.
Our international team of process engineers, automation engineers, information systems engineers
and data scientists is working on solutions for the future of the process industry. Further information
on the chair of Process Control System can be found on: https://tu-
dresden.de/ing/maschinenwesen/ifvu/svt.

TUD strives to employ more women in academia and research. We therefore expressly encourage
women to apply. The University is a certified family-friendly university and offers a Dual Career
Service. We welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. If multiple candidates prove to be
equally qualified, those with disabilities or with equivalent status pursuant to the German Social Code
IX (SGB IX) will receive priority for employment.

Please submit your comprehensive application including the usual documents (CV, Cover Letter,
copies of certificates and transcripts of all degrees) by June 30, 2023 (stamped arrival date of the
university central mail service applies), preferably via the TU Dresden SecureMail Portal
https://securemail.tu-dresden.de by sending it with the title “Reunion_Application, [your name]” to
kirstie.kantemir@tu-dresden.de or to: TU Dresden, Fakultät Maschinenwesen, Institut für
Verfahrenstechnik und Umwelttechnik, Arbeitsgruppe Systemverfahrenstechnik, z. Hd. Frau
Kirstie Kantemir, Helmholtzstr. 10, 01069 Dresden, Germany. Please submit copies only, as your
application will not be returned to you. Expenses incurred in attending interviews cannot be
reimbursed.

Reference to data protection: Your data protection rights, the purpose for which your data will be processed,
as well as further information about data protection is available to you on the website: https://tu-
dresden.de/karriere/datenschutzhinweis.

Diesen Job melden