Data Scientist (m/f/d)
AutoScout24
10407 Berlin
Schnellbewerbung
Join the Data Science team at AutoScout24 and build high-impact data products powered by machine learning. Though an established industry leader, AutoScout24 has a startup culture in which your innovative ideas can be put to the test and impact millions of users. The Data Science team partners with groups all across the company and leverages state-of-the-art technology to offer solutions that set AutoScout24 apart.

At AutoScout24, we appreciate different lifestyles and cultural backgrounds. We welcome diversity as a strength. Our organization is, e.g. made up of more than 50+ different nationalities, all working together inclusively and respectfully.

What you can look forward to:

Driving Growth: Gain a deep understanding of how our business works and build strong relationships with business stakeholders to generate and deliver impactful data science products
Taking Ownership: Have the chance to take end-to-end ownership for your data science products, spanning the entire technical workflow (incl. data ingestion, processing, model training, deployment and model management in production) and related project management responsibilities - you get a high level of autonomy and the responsibility that comes with it
Amazing Customers: Put the customer/user of your data science product at the center of your product development - work closely with customers to deeply understand their needs and derive data science products that will deliver real value
Winning Together: Participate in code reviews, peer mentoring and regular knowledge sharing sessions (brown bags, show & tells etc.) to grow and win together as a team
How we empower you to turn ideas into reality and have fun doing it:


A team and company company environment that gives you lots of opportunities to innovate and shape our business and culture
A highly competitive compensation package and a range of personal benefits such as discounts from our partners
Targeted trainings, workshops, coaching and support services that help you grow at AutoScout24 and in life
Cutting-edge laptops (Apple or Windows) and other personal tech equipment that you can also use privately; our super-friendly Employee Tech team will ensure that your tech needs are always taken care of
Regular virtual and in-person team and company events to have fun, share and celebrate successes (including hackathons, summer and Christmas parties and the Oktoberfest, as the pandemic allows)
Encouraging a healthy lifestyle with health & diet seminars, sports courses, discounts at the gym, and charity runs (e.g. Wings For Life World Run)
30 vacation days a year, flexible working hours and the possibility to work onsite and remote
State-of-the-art office at the heart of Munich (a short 5 minute walk from the Leuchtenbergring S-Bahn station and nearby bus stops) with top-notch facilities and tech equipment, an attractive canteen, multiple kitchens, and lots of free coffee and fresh fruits; there is also an Edeka nearby and lots of tasty places to eat out
A dog-friendly office; we love our four-legged friends so feel free to bring yours with you
What you should bring:

Strong academic background (a PhD is a plus) in a quantitative field such as computer science, engineering, economics, etc.
Strong proficiency in Python, SQL and specialized ML libraries (e.g. scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Solid understanding of the benefits and drawbacks of different ML algorithms (knowledge of deep learning models is a strong plus)
First-hand experience working with relational/no-SQL databases and query technologies (e.g. Postgres, MongoDB, Presto, Hive)
First-hand experience working with Docker, AWS services (e.g. S3, EC2, Data Pipeline, CloudWatch, CloudFormation) and Jenkins is a strong plus
First-hand experience in deploying, maintaining, and updating models in production, as well as tracking experiments is a strong plus
First-hand experience in serving ML models via APIs (e.g. Flask, FastAPI) is a strong plus
Experience working end-to-end (from ideation to deployment) to deliver production-ready data products is a strong plus
Experience working with business stakeholders (incl. gathering and translating business requirements into technical solutions, and explaining technical concepts to a non-technical audience) is a strong plus
Experience in product management and/or project management (especially in a fast-paced agile environment using Scrum/Kanban) is a strong plus
Experience working in e-commerce and/or having a good grasp of relevant data science use cases is a strong plus
Strong verbal and writing skills in English to allow effective communication with team members and stakeholders in meetings, presentations and documents
If this appeals to you but you are in doubt about how exactly your skills match our requirements - we value personality, ambition and an open mind. Don’t hesitate to get in touch and present your personal strengths to us. We look forward to hearing from you!
Diesen Job melden