PhD position in the Machine Learning and Information Processing Group on DNA Data Storage Personal
Technische Universität München
80333 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Machine Learning and Information Processing group at TUM works in the intersection of machine learning and signal/information processing with a current focus on deep networks for solving inverse problems, learning robust models from few and noisy samples, and DNA data storage.

We are seeking a researcher to join our team in an ERC project on DNA data storage. The project focuses on developing information theory, coding schemes, and other algorithmic methods for DNA data storage. Here is a video on the topic:
https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20151122-this-is-how-to-store-human-knowledge-for-eternity
We are looking for a student with a strong mathematical and/or coding background. Interest of background in coding theory, information theory, and algorithms is desired. You must hold a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or similar. The work is interdisciplinary and we will closely collaborate with a group at the chemistry department at ETH Zurich.

Your application should comprise at least: An application letter pointing out why you are interested in our work and a detailed curriculum vitae together with transcripts of grades. We do not expect overly formal application material, but will definitely not consider applications that are incomplete, generic, or not meaningful. Please send your application or any questions on the position to: reinhard.heckel@tum.de. An ideal start date is in October or November 2021, albeit a later starting is also fine.


Hinweis zum Datenschutz:
Im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung um eine Stelle an der Technischen Universität München (TUM) übermitteln Sie personenbezogene Daten. Beachten Sie bitte hierzu unsere Datenschutzhinweise gemäß Art. 13 Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) zur Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung. Durch die Übermittlung Ihrer Bewerbung bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Datenschutzhinweise der TUM zur Kenntnis genommen haben.

Kontakt: reinhard.heckel@tum.de

Diesen Job melden