Data Scientist (f/m/d)
Enter
10407 Berlin
Schnellbewerbung
For a better future.

More than 100 million homes are in poor energetic condition. As a result, millions of tons of CO2 are emitted too much each year. This must change so that we can achieve the climate targets! From automated energy audits to financing & grants, we will be the one-stop solution to help homeowners decarbonize their homes. Together with you, we want to achieve the energy transition and build the leading brand for energy retrofits. Take this exciting opportunity to join our fast-growing Climate Tech startup and become part of the success story that will sustainably improve European homes. Build something that matters, Million people will use and has a huge impact on achieving the climate targets!

We believe in:

Working software over comprehensive documentation
Responding to change over following a plan
Embracing mistakes over avoiding them
Full ownership over full control
Simplicity and focus over completeness
As part of ​Enter's Data Science team, you will be responsible for ​end-to-end data science projects with a direct application in the way we understand our customers’ energetic situation.

Your mission


You will work in a cross-functional development team with the mission to leverage technology and data solutions to help our customers make the best decisions
You will contribute to Enter’s mission by creating data-driven insights and by bringing data products to production, employing a wide range of data science and machine learning methods, drawing from our rich set of data
You will deliver products end-to-end, from use case ideation to product delivery
You will be part of a growing data science team with the core missing to form and enable a data-driven working culture
You will collaborate with business and technology stakeholders to deliver value to both our customers and our company
Your profile


You have a minimum of 2 years in a professional data science work environment, ideally during a growth phase of the company/team or the strong ambition to join a growing area
At least a bachelor's degree in data science, machine learning, mathematics, informatics etc. or in physics, civil engineering or similar with applied knowledge of machine learning models
Solid programming skills in Python and all of its data science and visualization ecosystem (pandas, scikit-learn, etc.)
Solid experience and expertise of SQL
Experience with a wide variety of machine learning models and techniques applied to a broad range of problems (e.g. regression, classification, forecasting, recommendation systems, NLP)
An analytical mindset and the ability to analyse data and derive actionable insights from data
Track record of applying data science methods to business problems in an industry context
Track record of deploying and maintaining data science products in production
You are fluent in English, German is a plus
Why us?


Become part of one of Europe's fastest growing climate tech startups - funded by Europe's best-known VC's
We offer a very attractive salary and diverse career opportunities
You will take on responsibility from day one and contribute directly to helping us achieve the energy transition
We offer you an exciting job with short decision-making processes and plenty of room for your personal development
You will become part of a passionate, professional and friendly team while getting first-hand experience in building a world-leading tech company
A beautiful office in Berlin with a view of the Spree River, with everything your heart desires and numerous team events
All of us also love to get things done and strongly believe in “done is better than perfect”.

We hope to have raised your interest and look forward to receiving your application!
Diesen Job melden