Machine Learning Engineer (m/f/d)
HRS
München
Homeoffice
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
City: Munich
Job Function: Tech
Job Area: Product & IT
Seniority Level: Mid-Senior level
Date: Jun 9, 2023
DESTINATION SOLUTIONS AS A COMPANY

At Destination Solutions we believe there’s a smarter way for hosts, property managers and DMOs to maximize the performance of their rentals. So, as a travel tech company, we’ve created an end-to-end holiday rental platform. We’re the leading aggregator in the DACH region. We bring properties online and distribute them on our unrivalled marketplace with over 600 channels, from big OTAs to smaller regional partners, we’ve got them all covered. We offer a full-service with an intuitive suite of next generation solutions, with everything from property management, payment solutions to channel management, revenue optimization, and handling of guest relationships. It’s how we’re shaping holiday rentals - through our platform, our people and our partnership approach.

Destination Solutions is part of the globally acting HRS Group. HRS is reinventing the way businesses and governments work, stay and pay in today’s dynamic global marketplace. HRS’ advanced platform technology is extending its reach beyond hospitality to meetings, office space management, payment efficiency and crisis recovery.

Please visit www.ds-destinationsolutions.com for more information.

POSITION

We are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer (m/f/d) to develop and maintain Revenue Management System. Revenue Management system is a dynamic pricing model to predict the optimal prices for our customers. This is one of the products built over the data platform. It learns from historic development of vacation rental market and predicts prices optimum for current market trend. This is a core product deciding a big part of the revenues.

You will help us bring our Revenue Management System forward, drive the associated business decisions, and have the most direct influence on its success. You will have the creative freedom to develop and maintain the product. You will have an opportunity to tap onto entire organizations business data and improve the algorithm. It is a product developed with full automation. Hence giving a great opportunity to dig deeper into API development and deployment on cloud. It is currently built on all cutting-edge technologies. We support and appreciate exploration of other top-notch tech and with right use case are happy to adopt as well.

CHALLENGE
Develop and Maintain Revenue Management System and support integrations to the related products
Handle the entire lifecycle from exploratory queries and notebook prototypes to a working machine learning pipeline that improves the quality of recommendations and customer experience with each release
Leverage all the data we have collected over the years to build different data driven products taking the entire organization together
Automate infrastructure provisioning (infrastructure as code) and code/model deployments (CI/CD)
Support to build an empowered team that collaborates and delivers together
FOR THIS EXCITING MISSION YOU ARE EQUIPPED WITH...
A successfully completed degree in computer science, mathematics or comparable
Deep knowledge of theoretical and applied statistics and machine learning
Experience in building data science models and of programming with Python and SQL
Extensive knowledge in software engineering and architecture and Infrastructure or related concepts
Good to have:
Experience with MLOps to build production ready pipelines
Experience with AWS and CDK
Understanding of distributed systems, CI/CD, and container technologies
Autonomous way of working whilst collaborating with relevant parties
A desire to quickly learn new technologies and work on existing code
Very good teamwork and communication skills
Fluent in English and German (optional) in spoken and written form
PERSPECTIVE

We hire the most likely to win and develop to become the best. You will grow with us in a highly attractive market both personally and professionally throughout this unique journey. You will actively contribute to making our products and solutions for the customer better, smarter and more sustainable.
Our entrepreneurial driven environment of full ownership and execution focus offers you the playground to contribute to a greater mission.

As a Travel Tech company, we represent an innovative organizational culture with a flat hierarchy, a hands-on mentality and room for own ideas. We are constantly growing with more than 70 team members, with a vivid mix of experience, agility and creativity, at four offices and additional home offices.
HRS offers access to a global network of a globally united and mutually responsible “Tribe of Intrapreneurs” that is passionately dedicated to renew the travel industry.

LOCATION, MOBILITY, INCENTIVE

The position can be based in proximity to one of our offices in Cologne or Munich but also can be primarily home office based.

The attractive remuneration is in line with the market and, in addition to a fixed monthly salary, all necessary work equipment and mobility, will also include an annual bonus.edicated to renew the travel industry.

#LI-RK1 #LI-Remote #LI-Hybrid
Req ID: 14242



Job Segment: Travel Industry, Cloud, Computer Science, SQL, Travel, Technology

Diesen Job melden