Data Professional (f/m/d) - Analytics & AI - Expert Services
E.On
München
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Data Professional (f/m/d) - Analytics & AI - Expert Services
E.On - München
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung

E.ON Digital Technology GmbH | Permanent | Part or Full time




This is your opportunity to become a member of our Technology Consulting division within E.ON’s Digital Technology organization. As a partner for our businesses, our division makes a major contribution as an internal professional services organization to accelerate the delivery of E.ONs Digital Transformation Strategy. E.ON is a leading European utility company, playing a key role in shaping the energy transition and connecting everyone to good energy.

If you have a passion for technology and want to make the world a greener place, then become a changemaker (f/m/d) in our energetic and diverse team.





We are looking for a Data Professional - Analytics & AI (f/m/d) to join our E.ON Digital Technology GmbH team.




Do you love data and technology? Do you think we all need to become more sustainable? Are you ready to drive and boost the green energy transition? Then this is the right job for you. Your energy shapes the future!




Being aware of the enormous responsibility we have for our customers, our assets, and the environment, we are analyzing and developing solutions, utilizing advanced big data and machine learning technologies to provide the best service, improve the efficiency and make things smarter, better, and cleaner.




Your impact

You team-up with our scientists, business and infrastructure experts to design data solutions that have global impact and scale to all E.ON countries
You evaluate new data technologies to efficiently integrate latest machine learning solutions and analytical modules into operational cloud services
You increase efficiency and time-to-market by implementing re-usable artificial intelligence models
You enhance analytics capabilities by extracting information from diverse sets of structured, unstructured, batch and streaming data
You ensure high quality and stability through agile processes and peer code reviews
You share your ideas and convince to go new ways



Your Profile

You have a degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline or other significant work experience.

You have hands-on coding experience to process huge data sets, time series analysis, perform statistical data analysis and build supervised and unsupervised models in Python.

You love mathematics and statistics.
You already have knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks like MLlib, scikit-learn, Azure ML, etc.
Ideally you have already experience with data transformations in Spark and Databricks.
Ideally you already know how to implement pipelines in Azure Data Factory, and how to efficiently deploy analytical modules.
Working with git and CI/CD flows is preferred by you. Knowledge of Azure DevOps is considered as a plus.
Excellent writing and communication skills, considering varying levels of precision and matching the audience .
Fluent in English; German language skills are seen as a plus.



What you can expect from a Career in E.ON Digital Technology

We offer the unique opportunity to combine your love for technology with your passion to work on a topic of high relevance for society. You will be able to contribute to E.ON’s ambitious digitalization strategy, to apply and broaden your expertise on a variety of assignments, to work with cutting edge technology and to have the opportunity to grow your career internationally across the wider organization.




Do you have questions?
For further information please contact Sarah Klammer, sarah.klammer2@eon.com.




What you need to know:
Contract type: Permanent
Working time: Part or Full time
Company: E.ON Digital Technology GmbH
Location: München, Hannover, Würzburg, Berlin, Essen
Function area: IT/Digital; Consulting; Data / IoT

Diesen Job melden