Data Engineering Working Student/Intern (f/m/d)
Predium
München
Praktikum
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum
Your Mission

Data is at the center of everything we do at Predium and your work will touch every part of the company—from product strategy to creating powerful customer experiences. You will help shape the data models, tooling, data pipelines and interfaces of the “Predium Engine”. You will be joining as an early member of the team that will help Predium build for scale.

Your Profile

You will be successful if:

You are willing to roll up your sleeves to work with unstructured and inconsistent data.
You have good intuition for how numbers in a table map to the real world.
You have a passion for translating scientific methods and findings into concrete software requirements and data models.
You love to go deep in multiple subject areas and tackle new challenges that cross disciplines.
You're excited to join a startup, take responsibility for the fate of the company, and move fast.
You are excited about solving climate change and eager to contribute to doing so at high scale.
Bonus Points:

You are in an advanced stage of your studies in computer science, electrical engineering, or a comparable course of study.
You have already gained first practical experience in building customer-ready data models and pipelines.
You have already gained first practical experience in data-driven management consulting.
Why us?


You will become an expert in building simulation and sustainability analytics.
You will help build both internal and user-facing tools that improve our ability to visualise, analyse, understand, and act on our customers’ ESG performance.
You will closely work with our CPO and co-founder on evaluating, developing and showcasing novel data-driven methodologies and use-cases.
​Our benefits:

flexible Workplace: Today you want to exchange ideas with colleagues in a centrally located office, but tomorrow you'd rather focus on working from your home office. No problem, you know best what makes you happier today.
Workation: You feel like work and vacation, then combine it. The laptop in your hand, your feet in the sand, that's something. Or spend a few nice days at home with your family.
attractive compensation package
Wellpass membership and the opportunity to participate in many sports, fitness and relaxation courses
state-of-the-art equipment and digital tools for hassle-free workflows
personal development budget
bi-weekly team events, quarterly impact days
and much more ...
Diesen Job melden