Web Scraper - Python or C# (m/f/d)
u:fynd
Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Your tasks and responsibilities




You will be the daily web scraping hero who ensures high data quality.

You are responsible for coding and maintaining the scraping environment, such as web services, queue workers and microservices.

You process vast amounts of market data (e.g. to forecast demand).

You develop, implement and maintain high performing APIs for large amounts of data.

You will be part of the backend team and collaborate with your frontend colleagues.

You debug and provide internal support.


You will be working with the latest cutting edge technologies such as




Python or C#

Microsoft .NET Core 6.0

ASP.net

Kubernetes

Microsoft Azure

AWS

SQL & NoSQL

RESTful API


What we offer

You will soon see that we do everything that we can to make each of our teams feel comfortable, welcome, and appreciated. We would like to offer you...

responsibility, space for creativity, and a long-term perspective in an up-and-coming company.
opportunities for personal and professional development.
a competitive pay.
an Urban Sports Club membership.
30 days of paid annual leave.
working in a young and motivated team with flat hierarchies.
modern and well-located offices including a great choice of cold drinks, juices, and a variety of snacks.
a professional Barista coffee machine and everything that you need in order to start your day with your favorite type of coffee.
an exciting environment as a part of a startup incubator.
reimbursement of your daily travel expenses and much more.


Your skillset

You are the perfect match if you…

have a bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer or data engineering, business informatics or similar.

are passionate about programming.

have first experience in web scraping and knowledge of HTML, css selection & xpath.

like to own responsibility and work in an environment where your work has a direct business impact.

have good knowledge with database systems and using client-server as well as web server and microservice architecture.

are familiar with the design patterns MVC, MVP, MVVM, and TDD.

work with attention to detail and focus on quality.

speak English fluently (German is a plus).

Diesen Job melden