Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Junior IT Support / Helpdesk (m/f/d)
Clariness
Berlin
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

(Berlin, Full-time)

Are you a tech-savvy individual with a passion for solving problems and helping others? We are seeking a motivated and customer-focused person for a full time Junior IT Support position.




As a Junior IT Support, you will be responsible for:
Testing, configuration, and installation of new components (PCs, laptops, smartphones, printers, and software).
Being a technical expert to our internal users and provide 1st/2nd level support.
Taking care of the existing server/cloud environment, analyze errors, and solve malfunction problems.
Administration of client systems and maintenance of day-to-day operations.
Supporting in implementing efficient administrative workflows and processes (e. g., monitoring and maintaining computer systems and networks, etc.).
Performing basic server and network maintenance tasks.
Assisting with the creation and maintenance of technical documentation.
Collaborating with team members to resolve complex technical issues.
Updating our IT assets list.

We would like you to have:
Associates degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a vocational training related to the field.
1 year of experience in a technical support role is a plus.
Good Knowledge of Networking Devices & Configuration.
Good knowledge of Windows and MacOS environments.
Experience working with Windows Infrastructure as well as Cloud Services.
Experience with remote support tools (e.g. TeamViewer, Remote Desktop).
Basic knowledge of IT security concepts and implementation.
General affinity for technology and ability to quickly adapt to complex network environments.
Good written and spoken English.

What we offer:
The freedom to develop your own ideas and to work independently on them.
Flat hierarchies and the chance to make a difference.
Flexible working hours, mobile office, and freedom for innovation.
Create your own career path through various training opportunities.
A dynamic and international team.
Regular team events and company events.
Dog-friendly office.
Inclusion and diversity are core values of Clariness. Therefore, we explicitly encourage applications from people of all backgrounds.


Have we sparked your interest?

Would you like to become part of our dynamic, curious, and international culture with plenty of room for your ideas and creativity in an inspiring atmosphere? If so, we look forward to receiving your application with details of your desired salary and possible starting date, preferably via our application portal.




Contact:

recruiting@clariness.com




Clariness GmbH will treat the above information strictly confidential and will especially observe the applicable provisions of the applicable data protection laws. Further information about the use of the applicant data, you will find in the data protection declaration online at https://www.clariness.com/privacy-policy/

Diesen Job melden