(Junior) Cloud Engineer (m/f/d) - Hamburg (Germany)
Engel & Völkers Technology
20095 Hamburg
Schnellbewerbung
Nice to meet you!

Do you want to play an instrumental role as a (Junior) Cloud Engineer (m/f/d) in a time of amazing growth? Read on to learn more!

We are looking for a motivated and creative team player to be part of a new venture in the digital real estate industry and mobile app space. Individuals who like getting things done, who like to communicate and strive to work with passion & care: You are eager to understand the customer problems and curious how to best use technology to solve them.

You will be part of the Cloud Platform Team who is passionate about our cloud setup on the Google Cloud Platform, Infrastructure as Code and providing their service to the whole of Engel & Völkers real estate company.

What you'll do?


Design, implement & maintain our Cloud Platform using Infrastructure as Code
Consult, assist & collaborate with developers to enable them to get the most out of cloud-native technologies
Build & maintain tools and services to accelerate our development teams
Improvement of the maintainability & operability of our infrastructure
Work on our observability strategy & processes to enable data-driven decision making
Develop & implement CI/CD and automation best practices
Who you are?


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Business Informatics or equivalency in relevant work experience
Understanding of Networking, Cloud Deployments models, Monitoring solutions & Troubleshooting
First experience with Google Cloud Platform (or similar), Kubernetes, Helm, Git, Scripting
Understanding of Infrastructure as Code (Terraform, etc.) & automation using CI/CD pipelines
Willingness to learn, self-organized, taking ownership & bringing the team to the best solutions
Nice to haves


Understanding of DevOps, GitOps, FinOps and experience in applying them
Experience in Cloud Security domain
Extensive knowledge of different architectures, cloud-native patterns and services offered by the cloud landscape
Knowledge and experience in cloud solution engineering
What’s in it for you?


The best of both worlds: a modern prop tech company backed by Engel & Völkers as a real estate company, with more than 40 years in more than 15 different countries.
A gile working culture with flat hierarchies and cross functional teams
The chance to contribute directly to the company's success with your skills and experience and to add your own personal touch
New challenges that allow you to grow professionally and personally
Technology driven environment based on the latest tech stack: Golang, Kotlin, Node.js, React, Next.js, Nx, dbt, BigQuery, GCP, Docker, Kubernetes etc.
Flexible working hours and 30 days of vacation
Hybrid work model: 60% remote and 40% in our beautiful HQ near the port of Hamburg
A comprehensive benefit package:
Individual training budget or independent learning via our Udemy account
Subsidy for your HVV ticket, gym, pension plan
25€/month company credit card
And - you probably waited for it - we also have a fruit basket!
Diesen Job melden