AI-Engineer
Ruhr Universität Bochum
44801 Bochum
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Schichten und Arbeitszeiten
Montag bis Freitag

The Chair of Digital Communication Systems at the Faculty of Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Technology is looking for a

research associate (m,f,x) as "AI-Engineer" for the project "GEMESYS" for the period until 31.03.2024 with 39,83 hours per week (TV-L E 14)



The project GEMESYS is a startup spin-off project at the chair for digital communication systems. It aims to develop a AI-chip prototype. GEMESYS is set up to build a legacy. The mission is to design a chip that works like the human brain to overcome computing bottlenecks and provide AI with the hardware to fulfill its destiny: Shaping a better future for everyone. Based out of Bochum, Germany, GEMESYS is setting out to challenge the status quo. The project has received €3M+ in funding and is fully backed by the German Government, the Federal Ministry for Economics and Climate Action.

The team is a group of pioneering minds who love blank canvases. It works within an agile startup-like environment where you can be hands-on and contribute to the success of next-generation AI hardware.

This role is an integral part of the R&D team at GEMESYS working on applications of our brain-like chip. You are reporting directly to the software development lead, and you will be working closely with the project lead. You will be the expert in low power and edge AI applications joining our R&D team. Every day you will be working closely with excellent researchers and engineers to develop new AI solutions for various industries such as healthcare, space, energy, and robotics.

You are responsible for the design, development, and implementation of advanced machine learning algorithms and models for low-power and edge devices. Working closely with the R&D team you will establish novel business cases related to the AI applications executable on our hardware.



extent:
full-time



duration:
temporary


beginning:
as soon as possible



application deadline:
27.06.2023






Your tasks:

Research and develop new AI models and algorithms for low-power and edge devices considering the physical limitations of the AI chip.

Design and optimize AI models for low-power and memory-constrained environments.

Work with hardware engineers to design custom AI solutions adjusted for the in-house AI chip.

Collaborate with software and hardware engineers to implement and test AI models on low-power and edge devices.

Evaluate and compare the performance of different AI models in low-power and edge environments.

Work with data scientists and domain experts to develop AI solutions for various industries.

Create technical reports and present research findings to the team and external stakeholders.

Stay up to date with industry trends, technologies, and best practices related to AI technology.

Technical ownership for all AI-related topics in the project.

Prepare and participate in reviews and presentations of reports related to AI applications and solutions with the in-house AI platform.

Work in interdisciplinary teams closely with our business experts to establish novel AI business cases.




Your profile:

Master’s degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or related field.

Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms and models for low-power and edge devices.

Experience in designing and implementing custom AI solutions for embedded systems.

Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, C/C++, and CUDA.

Experience with machine learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Keras.

Knowledge of software development best practices such as Agile methodologies, version control (Git), code reviews, and test automation.

Adaptability and willingness to learn new approaches, solutions, and skills.

Self-motivated, creative, hard-working individual with an entrepreneurial mindset.

Analytical mindset with the ability to problem solve, work as a team and drive solutions.

Ability to report and present in English.

Flexibility and willingness to work in an agile deep-tech project.

Our offerings:
challenging and varied tasks with a high degree of personal responsibility

an agile way of working

a modern equipped workplace

fair and flexible working hours

support in reconciling family and work/academics (including childcare placement, vacation offers, mobile nursery)

Additional information:

At the request of the applicant (m,f,x), the staff council may be involved in selection interviews.

If the position is funded by third-party funds the employee has no teaching obligation.




The Ruhr-Universität Bochum is one of Germany’s leading research universities, addressing the whole range of academic disciplines. A highly dynamic setting enables researchers and students to work across the traditional boundaries of academic subjects and faculties. To create knowledge networks within and beyond the university is RUB’s declared aim.





The Ruhr-Universität Bochum stands for diversity and equal opportunities. For this reason, we favour a working environment composed of heterogeneous teams, and seek to promote the careers of individuals who are underrepresented in our respective professional areas. The Ruhr-Universität Bochum expressly requests job applications from women. In areas in which they are underrepresented they will be given preference in the case of equivalent qualifications with male candidates. Applications from individuals with disabilities are most welcome.

Contact details for your application:

Moritz Schmidt, Phone: +49234 32 19452

Travel expenses for interviews cannot be refunded.

For information on the collection of personal data in the application process see: https://www.ruhr-uni-bochum.de/en/information-collection-personal-data-application-process.


We are looking forward to receiving your application with the specification ANR: 1993 until 27/06/2023, send by e-mail to the following address: moritz.schmidt@rub.de

Diesen Job melden