Data Governance Engineer MedTech (m/f/d)
Fresenius Medical Care
(gehört zu Fresenius Group)
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Data Governance Engineer is a key role for our COE Data Governance & Transformation. As a key stakeholder, you are part of an outstanding team, with the clear goal anchoring Data as a Product across the whole MedTech portfolio. This role requires a strong background in regulatory requirements, a strong sense of accountability, direct engagement with Legal & Privacy departments as well as IT Security, Data Science and Architecture & Engineering teams. There you will run key initiatives for data governance, data quality and protection topics for the MedTech segment and will work closely with Business and Functional area leadership to improve the quality and value of core data assets.

Your assignments

Responsibilities:

Facilitate data lifecycle management and data stewardship best practices with a focus on improvement of Data Governance, esp. for GDPR, Data SOP, etc.
Establish quality tools of sensitive data through modifications to governance metrics, processes, related tools, and data architecture
Opinion leader in discussions with business and data stakeholders globally to ensure clarity, consistency, understanding and adoption of standard definitions for business metrics
Being familiar with GDPR, PII (PHI), legal (DPO), Data Privacy (DPIA) functions to interact as key partner and trusted advisor
Serve as an interface between data stakeholders in the business and across the organization to ensure alignment, communication and understanding of the Data as a Product framework and drive accountability in operationalization
Implement new procedures for the data environment, including data quality standards and orchestrating the data lifecycle, e.g. data catalogs, data flow, data lineage, etc.
Help defining requirements for the overall IT tool landscape, and introduce a holistic data lifecycle management

Deliverables:

Be the nucleus of FME, Medtech, DSS and Data solutions in all Data governance related topics
Ensure transparency on data assets, access rights and limitations in cooperation with the data architecture and engineering function.
Defined roles and responsibilities related to data governance and ensure clear accountability for stewardship of the company’s principal information assets
Your profile
Minimum 5 years of experience in Data Governance functions with relevant experience in defining and implementing data governance frameworks, documenting data flow & process mapping, metadata management, Data as a Product Framework, etc.
Experience working with regulatory compliance frameworks (e.g. GDPR)
Extensive experience and knowledge of data governance strategies, data quality and data protection management practices.
Outstanding understanding of technology solutions, and experience creating data management tasks, e.g. glossaries , data modelling and data catalogue
Being a team player with innovative mindset and hands-on mentality
Diesen Job melden