Internship and/or Bachelor-/Master Thesis (d/f/m) within “Evaluation of Logistics Tracking Solutions”
Airbus
21684 Stade
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Job Description:

In order to support the Industrial Systems and Assembly, CTC GmbH is looking for an

Internship and/or Bachelor-/Master Thesis within “Evaluation of Logistics Tracking Solutions” (d/f/m)

Are you looking for an internship and want to get to know the work of an engineer? Then apply now! We look forward to you supporting us in the Industrial Systems and Assembly as an intern (d/f/m)!

Location: Stade

Start: As soon as possible

Duration: 3-6 months

For CTC GmbH in Stade, we are looking for students for practical assignments, bachelor and master theses. CTC GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Airbus Operations GmbH. The CTC is Germany's leading center for research and development in the field of design and production of large and complex CFRP components; with an international reputation as an expert for process development, series readiness and production optimization. The focus of the CTC's work is the development of series technologies for the production and assembly of CFRP components in aircraft construction. For the development and elaboration of a sustainability strategy for the CTC we are looking for you. If you are interested in working with us as part of a team to develop a holistic "Sustainability strategy" and contribute your own ideas, we look forward to receiving your application. and of course you are welcome to use the first name in your cover letter.

Your benefits

Work-life balance with a 35-hour week (flexitime).

A final thesis is possible after consultation with the department.

Mobile working when sensible and in agreement with the department.

Work with modern/diversified technologies.

At the CTC and at Airbus, we see you as a valuable team member and you are not hired to brew coffee, instead you are in close contact with the interfaces and are part of our weekly team meetings.

Opportunity to participate in the Generation Airbus Community to expand your own network.

Your tasks and responsibilities

Evaluation of tracking solutions using different technologies like RFID, Quuppa, RTLS etc.

Implementation of the different Tracking solutions in Production Hangers.

Documentation of results based on the Research and Implementation data and recommendation of ideal solution for implementation in the Aerospace industry.

Challenges in various other topics related to the field of Logistics, Industry 4.0 and sensor technology.

Desired skills and qualifications
Your professional skills:

You are enrolled full time student (d/f/m) with a background in Mechatronics, Information science, Mechanical engineering, Logistics or comparable field of study.

An experience in the area of RFIDs, Quuppa and RTLS is desirable.

An experience in Logistics, Industry 4.0 technologies; Internet of Things (IoT) or sensor technology is desirable

Your personal skills:

Interest in digitalisation in manufacturing especially Logistics

Ability to work independently and on your own responsibility

High intrinsic motivation, teamwork and communication skills

Willingness to pass on own competences in a team and to exchange skills with each other

Language skills: Very good English and preferably good German skills

Please upload the following documents: cover letter, CV, relevant transcripts, enrollment certificate.

Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth.

Take your career to a new level and apply online now!

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company:

CTC GmbH

Contract Type:

Internship

-

Experience Level:

Student

Job Family:

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com .

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.

Diesen Job melden