Research Technician (BTA/MTA) - NextGen Approaches (F/M/X)
T-knife
13125 Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

JOIN OUR TEAM




We are a growing clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, developing T cell receptor (TCR) therapies for solid tumor cancers. Our dynamic team has an ambitious mission to develop T cell receptor-based immunotherapies that deliver transformational benefits to cancer patients.




Founded by TCR research pioneers and led by experienced company builders, we have a novel platform that enables the discovery of best-in-class TCRs. We are using this platform to build an exciting pipeline of TCR therapies for solid tumor cancers. With locations in San Francisco and Berlin, we are a true transatlantic company.




We are looking for talented individuals who are inspired to be part of a company working on cutting edge science. We are committed to hiring people with a diverse set of professional backgrounds, values and opinions. If you are innovative, collaborative and looking to make an impact, we are looking for you!




It’s an exciting time to join T-knife!




RESEARCH TECHNICIAN (BTA/MTA) - NEXTGEN APPROACHES (F/M/X)




The Research Technician (BTA/MTA) - NextGen Approaches is a member of the R&D Department and reports to the Team Lead. He/she participates in the planning, execution and analysis of specific scientific experiments related to the development of next generation T cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. The Research Technician (BTA/MTA) - NextGen Approaches provides support to the R&D Department and works closely with the Scientists to fulfill the Department objectives.




YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:




Independently perform experiments timely and with high accuracy according to T-knife’s quality standards
Have an excellent technical knowledge of his/her project(s)
Maintain high standards in lab ethics and strictly follow safety procedures
Communicate clearly with the team to discuss findings and flag problems
Maintain high standards in data traceability and inventory management
Support scientists with preparation of protocols, planning and analysis of experiments
Actively create/adjust SOPs to fix lab processes and monitor whether protocols and experiments are performed according to SOPs
Actively participate in maintenance of lab equipment and lab organisation including ordering and stocks



YOUR PROFILE:




Qualifications & Experience

Professional training as a research technician (BTA/MTA)
Solid practical experience in standard cellular and molecular biology and immunology techniques such as DNA cloning, gene expression analysis, gene transfer, cell culture, flow cytometry and ELISA
Experience with handling mice is a plus
Relevant experience in research within Biotech/Pharma industry is a plus
Good knowledge of common computer software packages
Fluent communication in English



Skills & Competencies

Accurate with quality mindset
Team player and results driven
Problem solving, proactive
Good planning and organizational skills
Flexibility and can-do attitude
Integrity & Trust



WHY T-KNIFE?




A permanent position in a clinical-stage, growing, and dynamic company.
Highly motivated international team with a great working atmosphere and a big sense of purpose
Supporting the development of one of the most cutting-edge and promising technologies in the fight against cancer
Well-equipped laboratories with front-line technologies and instruments
The possibility to contribute to the build-out of our innovative and unique MyT platform and the development of next generation of TCR-T cell products.
Competitive compensation package and stock options to reward your individual contribution.



OUR MISSION


Our Mission is to develop T Cell receptor-based immunotherapies that deliver transformational benefits to cancer patients.


OUR VALUES


Accept the Challenge: Creativity, Intensity, Excellence

Make a Difference Now: Patients, Colleagues, Science

Act with Integrity: Respect, Inclusion, Compassion


Diversity and Inclusion are part of T-knife’s values at the highest level. T-knife’s commitment to diversity means providing a work environment for all that is welcoming, respectful, and engaging with opportunities for personal and professional development. We are an LGTBQ friendly company that offers equal opportunity to everyone. This in turn increases productivity, quality, creativity, and goal achievement. Therefore, we are committed to hiring people from diverse and unique personal and professional backgrounds. If you identify with these values and are looking to make a huge impact with your work, we would love to hear from you!




Important piece of information about data protection:

All personal information collected from individuals applying for employment with T-knife is handled in accordance with EU and US privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The legal basis for the processing of your data is your implied consent to the processing of your data (e.g., pursuant to Art. 6 (1) GDPR) by submission to the Company. The data will be stored for up to six months after completion of the application process, and it will not be passed on to third parties. We may request your permission to store the data for a longer period of time. Applicants have the right to revoke their consent at any time; however as a consequence of the revocation, their application can no longer be processed and therefore cannot be considered.




Depending on where the individual resides, they have the right to inspect, correct and delete their personal data. They may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection.




If you are in Europe, the office responsible for processing your data is:

T-knife GmbH

Robert-Rössle-Straße 10

13125 Berlin




If you are in the United States of America, the office responsible for processing your data is:

T-knife Therapeutics, Inc.

180 Sansome Street, Suite 1000

San Francisco, California 94104




You can reach our Data Protection Officer via dpo@T-knife.com if you have questions about this notice.




The supervisory authority responsible for T-knife GmbH can be reached as follows:

Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit

Friedrichstr. 219, D-10969 Berlin

mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de




Please apply at https://t-knife.com/careers/

Diesen Job melden