3 wiss. Mitarbeiter:innen / Doktorand:innen (m/w/d)
Technische Universität Dresden
01069 Dresden
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Technische Universität Dresden (TUD), as a University of Excellence, is one of the leading and most
dynamic research institutions in the country. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented,
regionally anchored top university as it focuses on the grand challenges of the 21st century. lt
develops innovative solutions for the world's most pressing issues. In research and academic
programs, the university unites the natural and engineering sciences with the humanities, social
sciences and medicine. This wide range of disciplines is a special feature, facilitating interdisciplinarity
and transfer of science to society. As a modern employer, it offers attractive working conditions to all
employees in teaching, research, technology and administration. The goal is to promote and develop
their individual abilities while empowering everyone to reach their full potential. TUD embodies a
university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, mutual appreciation, thriving innovation
and active participation. For TUD diversity is an essential feature and a quality criterion of an excellent
university. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who would like to commit themselves, their
achievements and productivity to the success of the whole institution.

At the Faculty of Physics, Institute of Solid State and Materials Physics, the Chair of Ultrafast
Solid State Physics and Photonics offers three positions as



Research Associate / PhD Student (m/f/x)
(subject to personal qualification employees are remunerated according to salary group E 13 TV-L)

at the earliest possible date until December 31, 2026 with the with the with the option for extension.
The period of employment is governed by the Fixed Term Research Contracts Act
(Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz - WissZeitVG). The positions comprise 75 % of the full-time weekly
hours and aims at obtaining further academic qualification (usually PhD).

Tasks: The new group member will support the Chair of Ultrafast Solid State Physics and Photonics
(https://tu-dresden.de/mn/ultrafast) in their research activities. The Chair is part of the Collaborative
Research Center "Correlated Magnetism: From Frustration to Topology" (SFB 1143, Project C11 Projekt
C11 Exotic Excitations from Linear and Non-linear THz Spectroscopy) and started an ERC-CoG project
„T-Higgs – Phase-Resolved THz-Higgs Spectroscopy on Superconductors“. The projects are in the field
of optical control and spectroscopy on quantum magnets and superconductors using ultrashort MIR
and THz pulses. The projects are suitable as possible PhD-thesis projects.

Requirements: university degree in physics (master/diploma). For possible routes with a bachelor
degree please get in contact. Interest in optics and solid state science/quantum materials. Relevant
experience in the field of ultrashort pulse lasers and time resolved experiments as well as interest in
solid-state research at table-top experiments and at large scale facilities is expected.

TUD strives to employ more women in academia and research. We therefore expressly encourage
women to apply. The University is a certified family-friendly university and offers a Dual Career
Service. We welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. If multiple candidates prove to be
equally qualified, those with disabilities or with equivalent status pursuant to the German Social Code
IX (SGB IX) will receive priority for employment.

Please submit your detailed application with the usual documents by June 28, 2023 (stamped arrival
date of the university central mail service applies), preferably via the TU Dresden SecureMail Portal
https://securemail.tu-dresden.de by sending it as a single pdf file to stefan.kaiser@tu-dresden.de
or to: TU Dresden, Fakultät Physik, Institut für Festkörper- und Materialphysik, Professur für
Ultraschnelle Festkörperphysik und Photonik, Herrn Prof. Dr. Stefan Kaiser, Helmholtzstr. 10,
01069 Dresden, Germany. Please submit copies only, as your application will not be returned to you.
Expenses incurred in attending interviews cannot be reimbursed.



Reference to data protection: Your data protection rights, the purpose for which your data will be processed,
as well as further information about data protection is available to you on the website: https://tu-
dresden.de/karriere/datenschutzhinweis.

Diesen Job melden