Student Research Assistant – Online Experiments on AI and...
Max-Planck-Institut für Bildungsforschung
14195 Berlin
14,33 € pro Stunde
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Center for Humans and Machines
at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin seeks applicants for a

Student Research Assistant – Online Experiments on AI and Culture

60-80 hours/month

The Center for Humans and Machines (CHM) at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development in Berlin conducts interdisciplinary science to understand, anticipate, and shape major disruptions from digital media and Artificial Intelligence to the way we think, learn, work, play, cooperate, and govern. Our goal is to understand how machines are shaping human society today and how they may continue to shape it in the future. The Center is comprised of an interdisciplinary, international, and diverse group of scholars, and a science support team.

In close collaboration with researchers of the center, you will create an interactive online experiment. Your primary focus will be the development of a web application in javascript and python and the integration of machine learning models (such as GPT-4). Depending on your personal interest and skills, the work could also involve experimental design, statistical analysis, and machine learning. We do not expect comprehensive knowledge in the development of javascript apps but an eagerness to learn.




Your responsibilities

Development of a python backend that integrates machine learning methods (Python)
Development of an web-based game interface (JavaScript / React)
Execute experiments using online participants pools (Prolific)
Processing, cleaning, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Using statistical methods and regressions to identify and quantify treatment effects
Generating scientific visualizations from data
Identify, categorize, and summarize relevant literature
Discuss and present your own work to a team of researchers

Your profile

Currently enrolled in a Master's program at a German university, pursuing social science, computer science, or a related field
Experience in programming in Python and JavaScript
First-hand experience in Web development (JS, HTML, CSS, HTTP)
Experience with statistical methods, data visualization and machine learning is a plus
Knowledge of experimental methods in behavioral sciences is a plus
Interest in behavioral studies on human-AI interaction

What we offer

Close collaboration with the CHM team
Comprehensive onboarding and time to learn new skills in an agile environment
Personal supervision by researchers in the lab
Involvement in scientific work related to artificial intelligence and its societal impact
Room to contribute and realize your own ideas
The position is limited to 6 months with the possibility of extension
Salary: 14,33€ / hour

Our Offer

The Max Planck Society strives for gender and diversity equality. We welcome applications from all backgrounds.

The Max Planck Society is committed to increasing the number of individuals with disabilities in its workforce and therefore encourages applications from such qualified individuals.

Your Application

Please apply, including a motivation letter and CV without a photo, by May 28, 2023 via our career website on this page.


The data protection declaration for the processing of personal data within the scope of your application can be found here:

https://www.mpib-berlin.mpg.de/860946/en_infos_bewerbung.pdf

Diesen Job melden