Software Engineer - Medical Data & Video Science
Snke OS
München
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Company Description


Snke OS™ is a universally deployable digital B2B platform, founded in 2020 & headquartered in Munich. Emerging technologies continue to drive a digital transformation in the healthcare economy. Our founders recognized the potential for value creation by decoupling & deploying their best-in-class platform & team so that other companies can scale up & innovate efficiently. Fueled by AI & big data analytics, Snke OS delivers the platform & infrastructure that enables partners across the healthcare industry to deploy digital solutions for safer & more efficient interventions.

The 150-person Snke OS team brings a wealth of experience to the new company with backgrounds in large platforms, digital health & software-driven medical technology. Let’s impact the industry together! We are looking for pioneers to lead fast & lead first with Snke OS.



Job Description


The impressive amount of data generated in today’s high-tech operating rooms offers a wide range of opportunities for surgical process improvements: Besides acceleration of documentation tasks and support of clinical education, this data serves as basis for any intelligent task automatization and smart assistance tools that aim for improving surgical procedures in terms of safety, quality and cost. In this position, you will be part of the emerging topic of Surgical Workflow Analysis by combining video with other sensor data in the OR. Together with a team of experienced and enthusiastic software developers and machine learning engineers, you will create services – running on the Snke OS platform - that extract data points to improve surgeries. You need to share our passion for new software technologies and our curiosity to step into the unknown. In this position, you will:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and deploy high-quality software components using C++ (making use of latest C++17 standard) and other programming languages like Python, C#, React, and TypeScript
Participate in all phases of the software development life cycle, including requirements gathering, design, implementation, testing, and deployment
Dive deep into our existing framework and boost it with your clean, efficient, and maintainable code while adhering to coding standards and best practices. Closely collaborate with software colleagues across Snke OS.
Contribute to our success with your creative ideas and your independent and self-responsible way of working
Bring in your view and your expertise by actively contributing to the team especially on technical concepts


Qualifications

Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
Experience with object-oriented programming, in particular in developing software with modern C++
Knowledge in other programming languages like Python, C#, JavaScript and web development (HTML5) is a plus
Basics in state-of-the-art web technologies like HTTP, REST, JSON, gRPC or services and micro-services are nice to have
Experience with AWS and the deployment of (micro) services is a plus
Passion for developing software
Strong problem-solving skills with the ability to analyze complex issues and provide effective solutions
Strong inclination to work on a wide variety of topics and technical challenges, enjoying variety, experimenting and learning
Well-organized, self-initiated and clearly structured, agile working style
Entrepreneurial mind-set: develop creative solutions for challenges and define our own way of working
Very good communication skills in English

Additional Information

Centrally located, modern work spaces
30 days of vacation plus 24.12. and 31.12.
Flexible working hours
Secure bicycle storage room
Regular after-work, team & company events
Great 212m² roof terrace
International team of supportive colleagues
Comprehensive training and continuing education opportunities

Interested? Then we are looking forward to receiving your online application!

Contact person: Daniel Sypli

Diesen Job melden