Postdoc in bioinformatics (scRNAseq data analysis)
Technische Universität München
80333 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Bioinformatician/Computational Biologist/Systems Immunologist (f/div/m) for two years initially with a possibility of extension to 5 and more years. Involvement in immunology projects with single-cell transcriptomic data analysis.

Bioinformatician/Computational Biologist/Systems Immunologist (f/div/m)
for two years initially with a possibility of extension to 5 and more years.
Requirements:

You have a PhD degree (or postgraduate degree MSc) in a computational discipline, preferably with significant experience in Bioinformatics or Computational Biology.
Experience with the analysis of mRNA transcriptomic data sets, in particular with single-cell RNA-seq data analysis pipelines (Seurat, Scanpy).
You are a highly motivated scientist with the drive to develop further.
Experience in immunology is a plus.
Proficient in written and spoken English
You are able to work in an independent, quality-oriented fashion, and you are open to new challenges.
You have very good communication and collaboration skills in an interdisciplinary and international setting.

We offer:

The exciting opportunity to work in a world-class institute within an interdisciplinary and international and nice team with collaborations with TUM scientists.
Working on research projects that aim to unravel the regulation of the human immune system in response to infections, cancer and autoimmunity with single-cell RNAseq analysis.
Long-term perspectives for an independent position
A modern workplace in a brand-new building, with top equipment, Home office and flexible working conditions.
Direct involvement in the design of experiments yielding high-dimensional data for further bioinformatic analysis
Participation in research projects in immunology, development of robust data analysis strategies withing current and emerging software packages and tools (Chao et al. Nat Immunol 2023, Almeida et al. Sci Immunol 2022)
The successful candidate will be hosted in the Department Infection Immunology of the Leibniz-HKI in Jena. The Leibniz-HKI is embedded in the outstanding scientific environment of the Beutenberg Campus providing state-of-the-art research facilities and a highly integrative network of life science groups. We offer a multifaceted scientific project with excellent technical facilities, as well as strong scientific collaborations.
Salary is paid according to German TV-L (E13 or E14, salary agreement for public service employees). As an equal opportunity employer the Leibniz-HKI is committed to increasing the percentage of female scientists and therefore especially encourages them to apply.
Further information:
Prof. Dr. med. Christina Zielinski | +49 3641 532 1251 | career@leibniz-hki.de
www.zielinskilab.com
Applications:
Complete applications in English should include a cover letter, a CV containing a complete list of publications, a brief statement of research experiences, the addresses of two possible referees, directly by email to christina.zielinski@leibniz-hki.de

Hinweis zum Datenschutz:
Im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung um eine Stelle an der Technischen Universität München (TUM) übermitteln Sie personenbezogene Daten. Beachten Sie bitte hierzu unsere Datenschutzhinweise gemäß Art. 13 Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) zur Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung. Durch die Übermittlung Ihrer Bewerbung bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Datenschutzhinweise der TUM zur Kenntnis genommen haben.

Kontakt: Christina.zielinski@leibniz-hki.de

Diesen Job melden