Senior Data Scientist with focus NGS / Bioinformatics (f/m/d - part/full-time)
Staburo GmbH
81549 München
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Your responsibilities will include

Analysis of multiomics data (e.g., NGS, transcriptomics, metabolomics) in oncology
Support non-clinical / clinical development in all phases, analysis plan (e.g. SAP), reporting
Implementation and reporting of exploratory biomarker analyses
Following quality and documentation standards in a GxP environment
Supporting the bioinformatics/statistics team, as well as independent work in diverse and exciting projects

Your profile

Master’s degree in bioinformatics, computer science, or equivalent education
Experience in cancer genomics analysis especially in SNP/somatic mutation calling and CNV analysis; gene set analysis and clustering is a plus
Solid knowledge in statistical concepts e.g. hypothesis testing, survival analysis, cross-validation
Very good programming skills in R / Bioconductor; Shell-scripting, Git and Nextflow is a plus
Good overview of state-of-the-art bioinformatics tools and proven record of the ability to collect, combine, and analyse complex types of data
Fast comprehension, analytical thinking, teamwork, and a high degree of initiative, willingness to learn
Creativity and joy in solving complex analytical questions
Very good English skills, German is an advantage


What we offer you

We value communication, flat hierarchies, open corporate culture, and a harmonious work environment. We offer comprehensive individual development opportunities, continuous trainings, and flexible working hours. A modern and bright office with a subsidised canteen, as well as the opportunity to work 2 days per week from home are part of our everyday working life. Full remote work from anywhere in Germany for those who do not live in Munich can be discussed. You will join an interdisciplinary team allowing you to discuss with and learn from peers with many different backgrounds.

Question?

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us by e-mail application@staburo.de.

About us

Staburo GmbH is a data science company, specialized in statistical consulting, programming and bioinformatics for healthcare projects. Our core competencies include Clinical Statistics, Translational Medicine & Biomarkers, Phase I & Pharmacokinetics/-Dynamics, Data Transparency & Disclosure Services, Health Technology Assessment and Bioinformatics. Our customers are international pharmaceutical companies, CROs, biotech companies and medical device manufacturers. Our steadily growing team supports our clients efficiently from study design to data analysis and finally the disclosing and posting of trial results.

Diesen Job melden