Senior Data Scientist - Supply Chain Optimization (M, F, D)
Wayfair
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Schichten und Arbeitszeiten
Montag bis Freitag

Wayfair’s Data Science team builds large scale, complex, high performant solutions leveraging state of the art mathematical modeling, out of the box innovative solutions enhancing the experience of our global customers.

The work we do encompasses:

Data mining - uncover deep insight hidden in our vast repository of raw data, and provide tactical guidance on how to act on findings
Algorithm design - develop quantitative models, leveraging machine learning and mathematical modeling techniques
Algorithm platform engineering - design and build technical platforms for our algorithmic engines to run at scale
Influencing business decisions - leverage our work and encourage adoption across our business partners to drive business value
Designing and implementing algorithms for strategic and operational decision making

What You Will Do:

Facilitate implementation of models into production by working with partners in engineering
Serve as consultative partner to business and product leaders to understand their needs and how they translate into models
Explore opportunities both in terms of business needs and in terms of what is technically feasible
Plan projects and manage their execution, prioritizing between competing interests and providing technical guidance
Connect and communicate data-science projects to stakeholders and teams company-wide

What you Will Need:

BA/BS/MS/or PhD, with strong academic record, ideally in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Economics, or other quantitative field
6+ years of experience in forecasting and/or optimization with strong knowledge of linear programming and mixed-integer programming
Proficiency in at least one programming language: Python/C/C++/Java
Hands-on experience in building scalable products in a complex supply chain environment
The ability to define and structure an approach to loosely-defined problems
Desire to always be learning, and a collaborative team-player attitude!

What we will gladly offer:

Highly competitive compensation packages (comprising of Base Salary and Equity),
Paid volunteering work,
Contribution to private pension,
Commuting schemes (car, bike, public transport),
Extensive internal training platform,
Comprehensive financial scheme for Learning & Development opportunities and continuous education outside the organisation
Health & Sport memberships,
Virtual child care,
Global Wellbeing Program for our employees and their families
Parental leave, surrogacy and adoption reimbursement program, extended bereavement leave
Employee discount for Wayfair purchases,
Corporate benefits,
A vast community of ERGs supporting our employees and making Wayfair an inclusive space for us all,

Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities

Wayfair is fully committed to providing equal opportunities for all individuals, including individuals with disabilities. As part of this commitment, Wayfair will make reasonable accommodations to the known physical or mental limitations of qualified individuals with disabilities, unless doing so would impose an undue hardship on business operations. If you require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, please let us know by completing our Accomodations for Applicants form.

Need Assistance?

For more information about applying for a career at Wayfair, visit our FAQ page here.

About Wayfair Inc.
Wayfair is one of the world’s largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we’re reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you’re looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you’ll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking.

No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We’re a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair – and world – for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That’s why we’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic.

We are interested in retaining your data for a period of 12 months to consider you for suitable positions within Wayfair. Your personal data is processed in accordance with our Candidate Privacy Notice (which can found here: https://www.wayfair.com/careers/privacy). If you have any questions regarding our processing of your personal data, please contact us at dataprotectionofficer@wayfair.com. If you would rather not have us retain your data please contact us anytime at dataprotectionofficer@wayfair.com.

Diesen Job melden