Control Software Engineer
Fluence Energy
Erlangen
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Fluence (Nasdaq: FLNC) is a global market leader in energy storage products and services and digital applications for renewables and storage. With a presence in 30 global markets, Fluence provides an ecosystem of offerings to drive the clean energy transition, including modular, scalable storage products, comprehensive service offerings, and the Fluence IQ platform, which delivers AI-enabled digital applications for managing and optimizing storage and renewables. The company is transforming the way we power our world by helping customers create more resilient and sustainable electric grids. For more information, please visit fluenceenergy.com.
OUR CULTURE AND VALUES

We are guided by our passion to transform the way we power our world. Achieving our goals requires creativity, diversity of ideas and backgrounds, and building trust to effect change and move with speed.

We are Leading
Fluence currently has thousands of MW of energy storage projects operated or awarded worldwide in addition to the thousands of MW of projects managed by our trading platform—and we are growing every day.



We are Responsible
Fluence is defined by its unwavering commitment to safety, quality, and integrity.



We are Agile
We achieve our goals and meet our customer’s needs by cultivating curiosity, adaptability, and self-reflection in our teams.

We are Fun
We value the diversity in thought and experience of our coworkers and customers. Through honest, forthcoming, and respectful communications we work to ensure that Fluence is an inclusive and welcoming environment for all.

ABOUT THE POSITION:

We are looking for a Software Engineer with a passion for software design and extensive experience with C++, Agile Scrum using Jira, and Git. Our Control System is comprised of three main applications: Controls, UI, and the Data Acquisition System. You will report to the Director of Control Application Software Development. As a hands-on member of the development team, you will also do the work of delivering a releasable Increment of product at the end of each Sprint.
As a Software Engineer - Battery Management System at Fluence, you will:
Serve as the controls SW developer designing system-level BMS (Battery Management System) in Fluence’s energy storage products for utility and grid applications.
Develop FOS Controls, and integrate grid-scale battery and power conversion systems from industry-leading manufacturers.
Design, develop, build, and document FOS controls logic using C++.
Support requisition engineering. Troubleshoot field issues and identify root causes.
Focus on robustness, security, performance, scalability, and maintainability.
Meet project timelines and budget.
Track, manage, document, and report work using JIRA and Confluence.
Foster a spirit of teamwork that allows for impersonal disagreement over ideas, conflict, and expeditious resolution.
What will you bring to Fluence?
Bachelor in the areas of Mechanical, Electrical, Computer Science, or related fields from an accredited university.
Expertise in object oriented software development with C++, preferably for Linux.
Basic knowledge of a scripting language, preferably Python.
Experience in Math Works MATLAB/Simulink for model-based systems engineering.
Expertise using the Agile development framework and Git workflow.
Enthusiasm for getting things done, taking personal responsibility, adding value within a team setting, learning new things, and ability to work with minimal supervision.
Willing and able to travel, domestically and internationally, up to 5% of the time.
You may also have experience:
5+ years of control SW development experience.
MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Mathematics from an accredited university. Significant related work experience will be considered in place of a master’s degree.
Expertise in developing Battery Management System software.
Knowledge of power system market applications, power generation, and/or energy storage system controls.
Experience in Test Driven Development.
Experience with Continuous Integration.
Experience in Linux shell script programming.
Experience with Industrial Protocols: CAN, Modbus TCP.
Experience with Containers (docker).
#batteries
#energy

Fluence IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER and fully subscribes to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity to ensure that all applicants and employees are considered for hire, promotion, and job status without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, marital or familial status.
Diesen Job melden