Specialist Data Analytics & Power BI (f/m/d)
ABB
Hornberg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Specialist Data Analytics & Power BI (f/m/d)
Take your next career step at ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive, sustainable future. At ABB, we have the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and generations. Together, we are embarking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual differences.


In this position, you will support us in Central Electronics Manufacturing, which is responsible for the on-time, high-quality and competitive production of automation and low-voltage switchgear components.

This position reports to

Manufacturing Unit Manager

Your responsibilities

Conception, creation and further development of Power BI dashboards for different departments and applications
Collaboration with business units on data analysis, reporting and visualization
Strengthening and further development of a positive BI mindset in the organization through training and support of employees

Your background

Completed studies with an analytical background (e.g. business informatics), or computer science or IT systems, possibly also technician training with comparable qualifications and experience
Extensive knowledge in SAP, SAP Business Warehouse Power BI, SQL, Python, Visual Basic Microsoft Azure, ABB Zenon or comparable applications and database systems.
Experience in data analysis and visualization
A team player, independent and solution-oriented approach as well as very good written and verbal communication skills
Very good language skills in German and English

Benefits
Retirement plan
Flexible work practices
Childcare
Employee Share Acquisition Plan
Wellbeing program
More about us

ABB Electrification is electrifying the world in a safe, smart and sustainable way and is the technology leader in power distribution and management from source to socket. As the world's demand for electricity grows, our more than 50,000 employees in 100 countries are working with customers and partners to transform the way people connect, live and work. We develop innovative products, solutions and digital technologies that enable energy efficiency and a low-carbon society across all sectors. By combining local expertise with global application, we shape and support global trends, deliver best-in-class performance for our customers, and foster a sustainable future for society. go.abb/electrification ABB Smart Buildings digitizes commercial, industrial and residential buildings for maximum comfort, efficiency, safety and security - enhancing the quality of life in buildings of the future through safe, smart and sustainable electrification solutions, services and products. We look forward to receiving your application (documents submitted in English are appreciated). If you want to discover more about ABB, take another look at our website www.abb.com. #LI-hybrid ABB is able to offer you an interesting role within a highly motivated team, together with open communication structures. On the basis of a personal, practice-oriented induction programme, you will be given the opportunity to acquire the confidence needed to work independently and self-reliantly within your assigned area. Even after the joining phase, ABB offers a wide range of individual career development opportunities and supports you in realising your career goals with targeted training measures. At ABB you will find an attractive working environment in all phases of life - including policies for sabbaticals and home office, the ABB children's vacation camp and taking care of family members. Interested in joining our team? We are looking forward to receiving your complete application through our online tool. ABB AG Your contact is: ABB PersonalDirekt +49 (0) 621 381 3500 ABB Data Privacy Statement: https://new.abb.com/privacy-notice/candidate

Diesen Job melden