Senior Data Scientist - AI & Analytics (m/f/d)
CARIAD SE
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Senior Data Scientist - AI & Analytics (m/f/d)

AI / Data Platform

Professional

Berlin, Wolfsburg, Ingolstadt, Mönsheim/Stuttgart, Munich



We are CARIAD, an automotive software company and part of the Volkswagen Group. Our mission is to make the automotive experience safer, more sustainable, more comfortable, more digital, and more fun. Soon, we'll be a team of more than 5,000 software developers and engineers, building the leading tech stack for the automotive industry and creating a unified software platform for over 10 million new vehicles per year.

We’re looking for talented, digital minds like you to help us create code that moves the world. Together with you, we’ll build outstanding digital experiences and products for all Volkswagen Group brands that will transform mobility. Join us as we shape the future of the car and everyone around it.



YOUR TEAM

The Digital Business & Mobility Services Unit is the combination of customer experience and management of requirements for the technology stack within the implementation of mobility services and digital business portfolio for all brands.
Our data science & engineering competence center team of 30 experts is designing, implementing and running a cutting edge cloud-based analytics platform and analytics services for the Volkswagen Group digital ecosystem. These services include mobile and web services as well as intelligent mobility backend services connecting customers with their vehicles. The analytics platform combines data from different sources and enables development of data driven applications. Our team has the vision and knowledge to be the driver for these services and business processes. Be part of the future of mobility!
#X5 #MobilityServices



WHAT YOU WILL DO

Agile Implementation of data driven use cases in a SAFe framework in the domain of vehicle, digital services and customer analytics
Work on AI topics such as machine learning, predictive modeling, customer profiling, pattern recognition and micro targeting
Design and build new data products based on analytical and statistical models that have a clear business benefit
Analyze existing data and link various data sources to support decision making
Work in an international team of data enthusiasts





WHO YOU ARE

Completed university degree in computer science, business informatics, mathematics, physics, or a comparable qualification
4+ years practical experience in the field of data science or data engineering, or in the application of artificial intelligence, machine learning, data mining, predictive analytics, ETL jobs, and optimization processes
Advanced knowledge of the cloud environment on AWS or Azure, especially in the area of analytical tooling
Deep knowledge of data pipelining / streaming, usage of analytical databases and development of analytical services
In-depth knowledge of Python and the application of machine learning, data mining and optimization processes on real-world problems
Willing and eager to continuously learn new technologies and adopt new skills in areas like DevOps, infrastructure-as-code & CI/CD
Business fluency in German and English, spoken and written

NICE TO KNOW

Remote work options
Temporary work from abroad in selected countries
Flextime / optional working hours
Company pension plan
Annual professional development
Sabbatical option up to 6 months
30 days paid + 10 days unpaid leave
Possibility for VW Group car leasing
If you have further questions about the candidate journey at Cariad, talk to Cari, our Cariad Chatbot. Can’t see it? Check your settings or visit our FAQ

YOUR RECRUITING CONTACT

Jennifer Podjatzki

At CARIAD, we value individuality and diversity. We see great strength in our differences and can all benefit from the unique perspectives of others. We strive to employ people with diverse backgrounds who have the expertise, energy and focus to advance our mission. If you're unable to submit an application because of a disability, please contact us at careers@cariad.technology.




Share this job

Diesen Job melden