Senior Data Scientist (f/m/d)
STADA Arzneimittel AG
Bad Vilbel
Vollzeit, Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Festanstellung
"Caring for People's Health as a Trusted Partner" - This mission motivates us at STADA every day to improve the health of people worldwide. With our wide range of generics, consumer health products and specialty pharmaceuticals, we offer patients, doctors and pharmacists a wide range of therapeutic options.


Around 13,000 employees live our values of Integrity, Entrepreneurship, Agility and One STADA. Together we are on an exciting growth journey and want to successfully shape the future of STADA.


Do you want to become part of a dynamic, international team and grow with us? Then apply now as:



Senior Data Scientist (f/m/d)
Bad Vilbel | Deutschland (DE) | Full-time | Permanent


Our position is located in the IT department of the STADA Group and will have a direct line reporting to the Director Data Science & Process Mining. If you are a self-motivated individual with a passion for data science and with a track record of delivering impactful insights, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. We are seeking a skilled data scientist with 4-6+ years of work experience to join our Data Science Team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in statistics, mathematics, and computer science, and will be able to analyze and interpret complex data sets to identify patterns and insights. As a data scientist, you will consult the business, identify new data science use-cases and drive change management by working closely with cross-functional teams to develop solutions that drive business outcomes and improve decision-making processes.


What you can expect:
You lead and run Data Science projects across all business areas
You analyze and interpret complex data sets using statistical methods and machine learning techniques
You are the platform lead for our Machine Learning infrastructure
You communicate complex analytical findings to stakeholders and provide recommendations based on insights
You develop predictive models and algorithms to identify patterns and trends in data
You work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and develop data-driven solutions
You build and maintain data pipelines and infrastructure to support ongoing data analysis


Who we are looking for:
You hold a Bachelor's, master's or higher degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or a related field
You have 4-6+ years of work experience in data science, analytics, or a related field
You bring strong programming skills in at least one language like Python, R, JAVA and/or SQL
You have experience in visual Data Transformation tools like Alteryx or Azure Data Factory is a plus
You are experienced with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI
Previous work experience using Databricks is a plus
You have strong analytical and problem-solving skills
You have strong communication and collaboration skills


What we offer:
An open corporate culture with fast decision-making processes and a lot of potential for your personal development
Individual development and training opportunities
Flexible working hours and mobile working up to 2 days per week (depending on the job profile)
Job ticket for the RMV region and Job Bike
Childcare allowance
Health-promoting offers such as Wellpass or the STADA Gym (free of charge)
Numerous additional benefits such as "future payment", group accident insurance, supplementary pension scheme, and chemical industry pension fund
And much more...


We look forward to receiving your application via our career portal. At jobs.stada.com you will also find numerous other job opportunities, as we are always looking for motivated talents who can strengthen our team with their expertise and personality. Do you have further questions? Then please reach out to recruiting@stada.de


Would you like to find out more about our STADA values? Find out in just 2 minutes with our value game


STADA Group promotes its diverse culture, regardless of gender, age, social or ethnic origin, disabilities, religion, ideology or sexual orientation. We use the strength of this diversity to develop creative ideas, expand our experience and increase innovative strength. Our focus is on equal opportunities, respectful cooperation and the promotion of an inclusive working environment.

Diesen Job melden