Research Assistant (m/w/d), EG 13 TV-H, Section International Agricultural Policy and Environmental Governance
Universität Kassel
Kassel
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
The University of Kassel is a modern and growing University with round about 23.000 students. The university’s wide range of expertise covers subjects in the natural, applied, cultural and social sciences.


University of Kassel, Section International Agricultural Policy and Environmental Governance
Research Assistant (m/w/d), EG 13 TV-H temporary, part-time (currently 20 hours per week)
Closes:
22.06.2023


Date of Hire:
as soon as possible



Reference:
36238



Part-time position with half the working hours of a full-time employee. This is a fixed term-position of three years with the possibility of extending the contract for a further two years (position for academic qualification corresponding to § 65 HHG i. V. m. § 2 Abs. 1 Satz 1 WissZeitVG; opportunity for PhD project).
Tasks:
Services in research and teaching of the subject area
Key aspects within teaching will be the preparation and realization of lectures, seminars, tutorials and field trips as well as the further development of the teaching concept of the subject group
Assistance in the application for and realisation of research projects will also be required
Scientific collaboration in research and teaching of the section of International Agricultural Policy and Environmental Governance at University of Kassel
Autonomous and collaborative development and execution of research together with the head of section and other team members on the role of governance and institutions in the implementation of agroecological strategies in the food system and broader transformation of the food system and/ or the way the organic farming sector in Germany and the EU address challenges of the climate and biodiversity crises, of price spikes and agroecology
Research areas preferably Germany, Europe, North and East Africa
Preparation of individual and collaborative scientific publications with the aim to fulfilling the requirements of a PhD.
Teaching (3 credits per term/ 2 SWS) in the areas of International Agricultural Policy and Environmental Governance and related to research focus
Contribution to developing the section and its administration
Requirements:
Very good knowledge of the English language required, fluent broth written and spoken also proficiency in German
Excellent degree in social sciences (political science, geography, sociology, economics, sustainability science, agricultural economics, etc.)
Expertise and interest in researching the role of governance and institutions in agroecology, transformation and/ or organic farming
Relevant experience with quantitative, qualitative and interdisciplinary research methods
Ability to work in a team with own initiative, team spirit
Flexibility and willingness to gather primary data
Advantageous:
Research experience ideally in relevant fields
Relevant publications
Good knowledge of institutional approaches and environmental and resource economics, political sciences
Good knowledge of current debates about the transformation of the food system, agroecological transition and the organic farming sector
Interest in conceptual work and method development
Experience in working with external agencies in formal and informal contexts

For further information please contact Prof. Dr. Andreas Thiel, Email: thiel(at)uni-kassel.de.




Our offer:
As an employee of the University of Kassel


you will be offered an interesting and diverse range of tasks within the framework of a modern and ambitious university,

you will be part of an interdisciplinary team with a good and collegial working atmosphere,

you will have the opportunity to participate in professional and interdisciplinary further education measures,

your workplace is centrally located in the city of Kassel with good public transport connections, which you can currently use for free.


In addition, you will benefit from the advantages of employment in the public service such as:


an additional company pension (VBL),

an optional child supplement in accordance with TV-Hessen, a family-friendly university (including childcare for emergencies),

an annual bonus

an entitlement to capital-accumulation benefits,

a promotion of voluntary commitment,

low-cost participation in university sports and a full range of fitness activities as part of Unifit, as well as workplace health management.

You can find more jobs at stellen.uni-kassel.de


Please send your application with the usual informative documents, stating the reference number in the subject line, via the online form. We have compiled further information for you in our FAQ.

In exceptional cases, we will also accept your application documents in paper form addressed to: The President of the University of Kassel, 34109 Kassel, Germany, or via mail to bewerbungen[at]uni-kassel.de, stating the reference number.

In the case of postal applications, please submit only copies of your documents (no folders), as these cannot be returned. All documents will be destroyed after completion of the selection process in compliance with data protection regulations.


The protection of your personal information is very important to us, so we will handle your personal information with care. By your application, you allow us the storage and use in the sense of the Hessian Data Protection and Freedom of Information Act. You can object to this at any time. Your personal data will be deleted.

Information according to Art. 13 DSGVO for the application process at the University of Kassel can be found at:
www.uni-kassel.de/go/ausschreibung-datenschutz

Information and FAQ about applying for a job offer:
https://www.uni-kassel.de/uni/universitaet/stellenangebote/hinweise-und-faq-zur-bewerbung-auf-ein-stellenangebot


The University of Kassel is very interested in the professional satisfaction of its employees. It is distinguished as a family-friendly university and, in the interests of equal opportunities, strives to offer everyone the same opportunities for development and to counteract existing disadvantages. It promotes the Family Welcome Service and also the Dual Career Service for positions that are scientifically and academically filled. One of the strategic goals of the University of Kassel is to significantly increase the proportion of women in research and teaching. Applications from women are therefore particularly welcome. Seriously handicapped and equivalent applicants are given preference if they have the same suitability, qualifications and professional performance. Full-time positions are generally divisible (except when filling civil servant positions). Applications indicating the Position Number, which may be in digital form, should be sent to the President of the University of Kassel, 34109 Kassel, Germany quoting the applicable reference number.
Diesen Job melden