150/2023 MR Scientist (m/f/d) in the field of Natural Science
Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg
39106 Magdeburg
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
Vacancy Notice 150/2023

The Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg (OVGU) is an internationally oriented and regionally networked university with a strong research profile.

The Faculty of Natural Science, department Biomedical Magnetic Resonance seeks to fill the following vacancy:

MR Scientist (m/f/d) in the field of Natural Science

Salary Scale:
13 TV-L

Date commencing:
next possible date

Fixed term until:
2 years
w. opt. for extension

Contract status:
100 %

As part of the recently established German Center for Mental Health (Deutsches Zentrum für Psychische Gesundheit, DZPG), funded by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research, a position is available at the site in Magdeburg. Within the DZPG, the position will be involved in establishing a 7T MRI multi-center network as well as work on cutting edge image processing and analysis to decipher the impact of neuroinflammation and brain clearance on mental health. The 7T network will be established by close collaboration with all DZPG 7T sites across Germany to enable standardized 7T neuroimaging to advance the fields of mental health and psychiatry. Within Magdeburg, two dedicated research 7T are available, including a 7T Connectom equipped with superb gradient technology, the first of its kind in Europe. The impact of neuroinflammation and clearance on mental health will be assessed in close collaboration with our partners at the DZPG in Jena and DZNE in Magdeburg. In particular, fatigue induced by long COVID will be assessed leveraging multi-modal data, i.e. structural MRI, MREG. To that end, image markers for glymphatic function and neuroinflammation need to be defined, extracted, and their impact on psychiatric function modeled.

Your profile:

Diploma or master’s degree in neuroscience, psychiatry, medical engineering, physics, computer science, or related areas
Preferably a PhD
Solid knowledge of MRI, ideally experiences in multi-center studies and protocol harmonization
Experiences with MR image processing
Profound knowledge of statistics and modeling
Programming skills, ideally in python or R
Experience with brain imaging studies is desired

For further information about the position, please contact Prof. Dr. Oliver Speck oliver.speck(at)ovgu.de or Dr.-Ing. Hendrik Mattern hendrik.mattern(at)ovgu.de.

In addition to all the usual social benefits of the public sector, we have more to offer, such as modern working conditions, a wide range of training and development opportunities, and a positive work environment that is highly valued by our employees. We also offer a wide range of sports and leisure activities, extensive catering in our canteens and cafeterias as well as workplace health promotion.

Otto von Guericke University is a signatory of the German Diversity Charter. We welcome your application, regardless of gender, cultural and social background, age or sexual orientation. Applications from severely disabled people or people with an equivalent impairment will be given priority in the case of equal suitability, ability and professional expertise. The Otto von Guericke University strongly promotes gender equality in all professional areas.

Please note the information for storage of personal data: .

Please send your complete application (cover letter, curriculum vitae, graduation certificates, references) by June 19, 2023 (date of receipt of application) using the online application portal.

Otto-von-Guericke-Universität Magdeburg
Dezernat Personalwesen
Diesen Job melden