Product Manager, Verticals and Placements (d/f/m)
Snapchat
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Snap Inc
is a technology company. We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Snap contributes to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. The Company’s three core products are
Snapchat
, a visual messaging app that enhances your relationships with friends, family, and the world;
Lens Studio
, an augmented reality platform that powers AR across Snapchat and other services; and its AR glasses,
Spectacles
.
We’re looking for a Product Manager (d/f/m) to join a growing team at the center of an exciting new long-term strategic initiative at Snap. In this role, you will build new solutions to expand the coverage of our Augmented Reality shopping initiatives, both regarding types of products covered and shopper interactions, together with a multidisciplinary team of designers, machine learning experts, and engineers. This includes augmented reality and fit-focused solutions for brands, retailers, and other merchants. You will work with partners across Snap to build an extensible product platform that meets the needs of a wide variety of use cases for shopping and beyond.
This is a highly cross-functional role that requires close collaboration with engineering, PM, PMM and data science teams. You will also collaborate with sales, partnerships, and product marketers to help devise the go-to-market & growth strategies in different markets around the world.
What you'll do:
Develop goals, strategy, and expansion roadmaps for the research and engineering teams powering Snap’s AR Enterprise Services, focusing on finding the perfect balance between quality and scalability
Drive cross-functional conversations and alignment around the product strategy, data model, and priority for commerce features
Work closely with the engineering & data science teams to drive day-to-day execution against OKRs
Take broad, conceptual ideas and turn them into useful and valuable products
Collaborate with designers, engineers, and data scientists to explore patterns and trends and identify new opportunities
Closely monitor and measure results of all product and feature improvements
Develop and thoroughly present go-forward recommendations, both tactically and strategically
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
A team player who can collaborate and build trust with engineers, designers, data science, and other cross-functional teammates
Define and analyze success metrics and input metrics for a large organization
Expertise in system design and scalable architectures
Think creatively and approach problems with system-level thinking
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of experience
4+ years of product management experience at a technology company
Preferred Qualifications:
e-Commerce experience
Experience with user journey optimisation & expansion in the e-Commerce world
Experience using data to inform product decisions
Experience working with Machine Learning engineers and applying data products for user-facing solutions
Ability to execute against defined objectives and communicate the results of analyses clearly and effectively
A team player who can collaborate with engineers, designers, and other cross-functional teams
Prior experience working on product growth at a technology company with B2B2C complexity
Creative problem solving and a passion for building 0 to 1 products
"Default Together" Policy at Snap: At Snap Inc. we believe that being together in person helps us build our culture faster, reinforce our values, and serve our community, customers and partners better through dynamic collaboration. To reflect this, we practice a “default together” approach and expect our team members to work in an office at least 80% of the time (an average of 4 days per week). For roles with remote consideration: Remote team members still are expected to travel for mandatory in-person gatherings and to fulfill business needs, at least 4 to 6 times per year.
At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at
accommodations-ext@snap.com
.
Our Benefits
: Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid parental leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success!
Diesen Job melden