Software Engineering Intern (f/m/d)
Taktile GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
About the role
We are looking for curious and passionate individuals who have an interest in gaining experience as a Software Engineer alongside their studies. You will join one of our product teams to work closely with other engineers, product management, and design with the goal of absorbing as much knowledge as possible and contributing to our roadmap.

Taktile is a hybrid company, but we want to optimize the learning experience for junior candidates with as much in-person interaction as we can, so we are only offering this position at our HQ office in Berlin.
What You'll Do
Gain exposure to multiple areas of engineering (Backend, Frontend, Full-stack)
Strengthen your programming skills (React, TypeScript, Python)
Work on building and developing a tech driven product with a real world impact
Work alongside a highly talented and experienced team who can support you on your journey
Ideal, But Not Required
First programming skills (React, TypeScript, Python)
Relevant study background and less than a year before graduation
Our Offer
Work with colleagues that lift you up, challenge you, celebrate you and help you grow. We come from many different backgrounds, but what we have in common is the desire to operate at the very top of our fields. If you are similarly capable, caring, and driven, you'll find yourself at home here.
Make an impact and meaningfully shape an early-stage company.
Experience a truly flat hierarchy and communicate directly with founding team members. Having an opinion and voicing your ideas is not only welcome but encouraged, especially when they challenge the status quo.
Learn from experienced mentors and achieve tremendous personal and professional growth. Get to know and leverage our network of leading tech investors and advisors around the globe.
Receive a top-of-market equity and cash compensation package.
Get access to a self-development budget you can use to e.g. attend conferences, buy books or take classes.
Our Stance
We're eager to meet talented and driven candidates regardless of whether they tick all the boxes. We're looking for someone who will add to our culture, not just fit within it. We strongly encourage individuals from groups traditionally underestimated and underrepresented in tech to apply.
We seek to actively recognize and combat racism, sexism, ableism and ageism. We embrace and support all gender identities and expressions, and celebrate love in its many forms. We won't inquire about how you identify or if you've experienced discrimination, but if you want to tell your story, we are all ears.
About us
Taktile exists to create value for organizations through smarter and safer decisions at scale. Our goal is to become the world's leading software provider for automated decision-making in the financial services industry and, to date, our software has been used by our customers to power over 255’000 critical business decisions every day.

Taktile is based in Berlin and New York City. It was founded by machine learning and data science veterans with extensive experience building and running production ML in financial services. Our team consists of engineers, entrepreneurs, and researchers with a diverse set of backgrounds. Some of us attended top universities such as Harvard, Oxford, and Stanford and some of us have no degree at all. We have accumulated extensive work experience at leading tech companies, startups, and the enterprise software sphere.

Our backers include Y Combinator, Index Ventures, and stellar angels such as the founders of Looker, GitHub, Mulesoft, Datadog and UiPath.
Diesen Job melden