Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
6 PostDoc positions Research Center Trustworthy Data Science and Security f/m/d
Technische Universität Dortmund
44227 Dortmund
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

The Ruhr area, one of Europe’s largest metropolitan regions, offers
attractive career opportunities for excellent scientists and scholars from
around the world. In 2021, Ruhr University Bochum, TU Dortmund University
and the University of Duisburg-Essen established the Research Alliance
Ruhr to bundle their cuttingedge international research on the most
urgent challenges facing humankind. There are four research centers and a
college. This is just the latest chapter in our longstanding
collaboration as the University Alliance Ruhr (UA Ruhr), a
community of 14,000 researchers and 120,000 students in the heart of
Germany.

The Research Center Trustworthy Data Science and Security is looking for six
full-time postdocs (part-time possible) to pursue independent research projects
for two years. Payment according to public service’s agreement: TV-L E14. The
open PostDoc positions shall strengthen our interdisciplinary research team in
any of the overarching research areas Psychology & Social Sciences, Artificial
Intelligence & Machine Learning, Data Science & Statistical Learning, and
Cybersecurity & Privacy and their interfaces.

6 PostDoc positions (2 Years) f/m/d
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
Causal Inference
 Interpretable Machine Learning
 Fairness and Transparency of Intelligent Systems
 Mathematical and Statistical Theory of Machine Learning
 Privacy for the Digital Society
 Human aspects in Cybersecurity
 Cybersecurity and Machine Learning
 Reliability Guarantees for Artificial Intelligence
 Human-AI Collaboration
 Interactive Natural Language Systems
 Designing AI systems for diverse audiences
 User-centric Design of Speech and Text Assistants
 Human Understanding of Technology: Theory of the Artificial Mind
 AI-assisted Software Synthesis
 Formal Methods, Verification and Model Checking
 Reinforcement Learning from Data to Trustworthy Actions
 Automated Tuning of Parameters for Complex Machine Learning Models

 Excellent degree (doctorate) in psychology, statistics, computer science,
mathematics, or similar programs

 High degree of creativity, commitment, analytical competence, and
interdisciplinary teamwork

 Interdisciplinary research project with fundamental theoretical research or
practical applications in data science

WHAT WE OFFER
We work in a multidisciplinary team on collaborative research projects jointly
envisioned by leading international experts from different domains. We aim
at both theoretical research as well as practical applications in close
collaboration with academic and industrial partners. The position is embedded in
a creative, attractive, and internationally renowned research environment. With
your research, you will play a primary role in the development of our new
Research Center and outreach with trustworthy technology to the general
public. Our international network of researchers and industry partners ensures
a seamless transition into your next career step as university professor or
international research institutions. A balanced and family-friendly work-life
relationship is important to us; thus, we offer options for flexible working
times or part-time remote home-office.

RESEARCH ALLIANCE RUHR
The Research Alliance Ruhr is a joint
undertaking of the three major univer-
sities in the Ruhr area and was initi-
ated by the Ruhr Conference. The four
research centers focus on “One Health
Ruhr,” “Chemical Sciences and Sustain-
ability,” “Trustworthy Data Science and
Security,” and “Future Energy Materials
and Systems.” In addition, the Research
Alliance Ruhr has established a “Col-
lege for Social Sciences and Human-
ities”.
The Research Alliance Ruhr will appoint
up to 50 research professors in the next
few years and also offer numerous
positions for research assistants. Join
us now to create innovations for the
world of tomorrow in Europe’s densest
university landscape, where you can
find a wide range of scientific and
industrial partners right on the
doorstep.

YOUR APPLICATION
If you are interested in the positions,
please send your application (Ref-No.
w39-23) until 8th June 2023 to:
Research Center Trustworthy
Data Science and Security Technische
Universität Dortmund
Prof. Dr. Emmanuel Müller
Joseph-von-Fraunhofer-Str. 25
44227 Dortmund
open-positions@rc-trust.ai

Please provide the usual documents:
motivation letter, CV, and copies of your
certificates.

CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
Our Research Center will hire 12
research professors in the next few
years and offer numerous positions for
research assistants and research group
leaders. Join us now to create
trustworthy innovations for the digital
world of tomorrow in Europe’s largest
metropolitan region.

DIVERSITY
The TU Dortmund University promotes
diversity and equal opportunities.
Convince us with your personality and
expertise.
Applications from women will be given
preferential treatment in accordance
with the legal regulations. It is pointed
out that the application of suitable
severely disabled persons is desired.

FURTHER INFORMATION
If you have any further questions,
please contact:
Prof. Dr. Emmanuel Müller
https://rc-trust.ai

We aim at both fundamental theoretical research as well as practical
applications, even beyond the listed topics. Hence, we actively encourage you to
apply also in other topics that bridge between our interdisciplinary research
areas. Application domains include but are not limited to Autonomous Systems,
Engineering, Medicine, Logistics, Social Sciences and Psychology.

YOUR QUALIFICATIONS

Diesen Job melden