International Fellow with Focus on Water Policy
Ecologic Institute EU
Berlin
Teilzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

Ecologic Institute is a private and independent academic think tank dedicated to working on relevant policy issues in the field of sustainability research and to introduce new findings to environmental policy. Founded in 1995, Ecologic Institute is part of the Ecological Research Network (Ecornet) and Think Sustainable Europe. Today, more than 100 staff members work in international and interdisciplinary project teams.

In the context of our International Fellowship Program in Berlin we are looking – as soon as possible - for an

International Fellow with Focus on Water Policy

The Ecologic Institute is looking forward to receiving applications from graduates and young professionals with an international background and environmental expertise to support projects in the field of water either with background in (1) socio economics and/or (2) environmental science and related areas.

To qualify for the International Fellowship Program at the Ecologic Institute you should meet at least two of the following criteria:

Completed master's degree from outside Germany or with an international orientation.
First relevant work experience abroad or with an international orientation.
A relevant network outside Germany.
Extended periods of living abroad.

Your profile (Option 1):

Master´s degree in socio economics and/or politics or related area.
Background in water policy and management, ecosystems management and restoration.
Capacity to independently carry out research tasks and present findings in a structured manner.
Ideally, experience with working in international teams.
Team orientation, with the ability to work independently and interdisciplinary.
First experience in consultant and / researcher role is a plus.
Professional level of English language skills.

Your profile (Option 2):

Master´s degree in environmental sciences, natural resource management or related area.
Background in management, protection and restoration of coastal and marine ecosystems.
Capacity to independently carry out research tasks and present findings in a structured manner.
Ideally, experience with working in international teams.
Team orientation, with the ability to work independently and interdisciplinary.
First experience in consultant and / researcher role is a plus.
First experience in stakeholder management is a plus.
Professional level of English language skills.

Your tasks:



You support projects with a focus on water policies, protection and restoration of coastal and marine ecosystems.
You take on a variety of tasks that may vary depending on the project and subject area, e.g. research tasks, conducting surveys and interviews as well as text elaborations.
You contribute to policy or data analysis and you are co-author of project reports.
You create and edit website content and support social media accounts.
You assist in the planning and realization of project-related events.
If possible, you participate in environmental events and conferences.
You broaden your understanding of state of the art research and policy advice.

What we offer:



Part-time (32 h /week) employment contract for one year.
Monthly allowance of gross EUR 2.160 + net benefits like “Deutschlandticket” and food vouchers and inflation reduction lumpsum
Ambitious projects with high political relevance in an international context.
Pleasant working atmosphere in international and interdisciplinary teams.
Individual opportunities for further training and room to deepen your own expertise.
A perfect opportunity for young professional to get to know the daily life in a German Think Tank.

Are you interested ?




Then please apply online with the following documents:

Letter of motivation
CV
Work samples (maximum 20 pages )
Certificates
References

Deadline for applications: April 30, 2023

Questions? Call Verena Stange 030/86880-122 or email verena.stange@ecologic.eu

More information about Ecologic Institute and our work you find here: www.ecologic.eu

Diversity of disciplines, backgrounds and experiences strengthens research and society. We therefore welcome all applications. Selection criteria are solely the job requirements and the qualifications of the applicants. We therefore also ask you to refrain from sending photos as part of the application.

By the way: Ecologic has been voted the Top Environment Policy Think Tank. Find out more here!

Diesen Job melden