Competitive Intelligence Analyst
Celonis SE
München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Competitive Intelligence Analyst
Celonis SE - München
Job
Unternehmen
We're Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.



The Team:

As a Competitive Intelligence Analyst within the Solution Management team, you will have the opportunity to help define, own, and drive the go-to-market positioning and strategy for the Celonis Platform and Solutions.

The Role:

You will be a member of a high-impact team, defining market strategy for one of the world’s fastest-growing software companies. You will be responsible for supporting the go-to-market teams with positioning Celonis against competitors, defining strategic positioning of the product, and working with the product teams to influence the roadmap.

In this role, you will be a key link between Product, Marketing, Sales, Value Engineering, Partner Management, Business Development, and Executives.

The work you’ll do:

Establish and maintain a thorough understanding of adjacent technological categories such as process orchestration, enterprise architecture, data and analytics
Know your products’ competition and coach customer-facing teams on how to outmaneuver them.
Collaborate with and support the go-to-market teams in individual deals against competitors. This includes speaking with prospects to differentiate Celonis against other vendors in the market.
Leverage market research and analysis on the enterprise software market to collaborate with the Celonis Product organization, influencing product strategy and roadmap.
Develop competitive positioning material against specific competitors and other categories of software.
Be the company expert on market intelligence, enabling the global Celonis organisation on market landscape and positioning.
Establish and cultivate relationships with industry analysts, investors, domain experts and partners.
Conduct trend analysis and deal debriefs on competitive deals, reporting back to the executive team.
Collaborate with Sales, Marketing, and Partner teams to define go-to-market approach and drive execution in collaboration with the entire organization.

The qualifications you need:

3+ years experience in data science, enterprise architecture, solution engineering, or IT-industry analyst.
2+ years of experience with implementing enterprise software solutions.
Previous Celonis experience is a plus.
Technical BA/BS degree is required; MBA is a plus.
Fluency in multiple languages is a plus.
Strategy & Market Research knowledge & exposure
Strong public speaking, presentation, and communication skills
Intellectual curiosity with an innate desire to learn and master market dynamics, customer stories, and competitive advantage
Agile and team-oriented, ability to give and receive feedback, change tact, and collaborate with a team to achieve a goal
Ability to see the big picture and contribute to strategy development while also working in the details

What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, L&D platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (stock options, pension plan, generous time off, family leave from day one, and more)
Mental well-being support (mindfulness tools such as Headspace, virtual events, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (Black@Celonis, Women@Celonis, Parents@Celonis, Pride@Celonis, Resilience@Celonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us

Celonis reveals and fixes inefficiencies businesses can’t see, enabling them to perform at levels they never thought possible. Powered by its market-leading process mining core, the Celonis Execution Management System provides a full set of platform capabilities for business executives and users to eliminate billions in corporate inefficiencies, provide better customer experience and reduce carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 23 offices worldwide.

Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to race/ethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws. As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Diesen Job melden