Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Software Engineer, Query Processing, Munich
Firebolt
80331 München
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Who we are

Firebolt is a disruptor in the data & analytics space. Based on technology that delivers an order-of-magnitude performance leap in TB-scale analytics, Firebolt helps the most data-forward companies create a new wave of data & analytics experiences for end-users. With a team of world-class data experts, led by leadership veterans from Looker, Google BigQuery, Imply and Sisense, and backed by $264M in funding - we are growing quickly and are poised to build the data platform of the future, and set a new bar for what can be done with data.

About the job

Firebolt is building a distributed team of talented developers to work on our distributed query processing engine.

Firebolt is composed of several open-source projects and relies on a unique IP that boosts data analytics and enables full scalability and decoupling storage from compute.

As part of our growing team here in Munich, you can have a major impact on Firebolt’s product. We are focused on improving the performance of our vectorized query engine which aggressively uses runtime code generation to speed up execution.

Our projects range from building a modern code generation stack, improving distributed query processing, all the way to collecting detailed statistics for our cost-based query optimizer. If these challenges sound exciting, we would love to hear from you!

Your responsibilities

Take a key position in our R&D team.
Take part in the definition of our product design and architecture.
Design, build, and maintain our cutting-edge query processing and optimization engine.
Work closely with other Firebolt teams to provide a seamless data experience.

Requirements:



You should have

Bachelor’s/Master’s/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience.
3+ years of experience working with C++ on a production software.
Fluency in modern C++ (C++11 and above, our codebase uses C++20).
Experience building multi-threaded, high-performance systems.
Experience with database internals and query processing.
Experience developing for Linux.

Bonus Points

Experience with runtime code generation and compilers.
Experience with distributed query processing.
Experience with distributed systems & cloud computing.
Diesen Job melden