PhD position in Tumor Immunology meets Surgical Data Science
Universitätsklinikum Carl Gustav Carus
Dresden
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

The Department of Visceral, Thoracic and Vascular (VTG) Surgery at the University Hospital Dresden is one of the leading surgical departments for cancer treatment in Europe. It is embedded into the National Center for Tumor Diseases (NCT/UCC Dresden) which provides an excellent network for translational oncological research and the possibility to share state of the art methods and platforms. The NCT is a leading expert in the field of Surgical Data Science. The Seifert Lab is interested in numerous aspects of the immunologic and metabolic interactions in the tumor microenvironment that influence epithelial mutagenesis in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma and other gastrointestinal tumors. We analyze the role of different immune cell subsets in tumor initiation, tumor growth and patients’ outcome. We are using state of the art technologies (Flow cytometry, CyTOF, Multiplex IHC, RNA-Seg) such as tumor organoids and human tissue.

Starting at the next possible Point, we are looking for a

PhD position in Tumor Immunology meets Surgical Data Science

Within the ONCOnnect Project the fellow, will explore new metabolic and immunological biomarkers for better classification of perioperative morbidity and mortality for patients with gastrointestinal tumors and will establish them as preoperative AI-based methods. New methods of artificial intelligence (AI) for perioperative complication prediction have the potential to reduce surgical adverse events and more optimize oncological course. This interdisciplinary project is built on a lively network under the roof of the Dresden School of Clinical Science (https://tu-dresden.de/med/mf/dscs/foerderungen/teilnehmende-programme#section-12) offers besides new translational training formats and cross-disciplinary networking, mentoring of two tandem leaders from clinics and basic science.

Yor profile:

Diploma thesis or Masters degree in biology, biochemistry, molecular medicine, bioengineering or related fields.
Previous experience with basic biochemical and immunological techniques is
essential. Experience regarding data science is beneficial.
High motivation and strong interest in tumor immunology and data science
Excellent English language skills
Enthusiasm for working in an ambitious, multi-disciplinary research group

We offer:

Interesting and multifaceted workplace
A temporary appointment for a maximum of 3.5 years
Gross salary and working hours are according to standard levels for PhD candidates (TV-L E13/65%)
Advanced training possibilities

We kindly ask you to apply via our online form with registration number VTG0923734. Please describe in your cover letter your motivation to join the project and provide contact details of two to three references. Applications of all genders are appreciated. Disabled persons with equal qualification will be preferred.

Prior inquiries can be made with Prof. Lena Seifert (lena.seifert@ukdd.de). The initial deadline is June 30th, 2023, but the call remains open until the position is filled. We look forward to receiving your application

Diesen Job melden