Data Engineer, Cell Manufacturing Analytics Internship (m/w/d) - Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg
Tesla
Grünheide (Mark)
Vollzeit, Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Praktikum
What to Expect
Location: Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg
Start date: August/ September 2023
Duration: 6 months
Fulltime

NOTE: YOU MUST BE ENROLLED IN EDUCATION DURING THE ENTIRE INTERNSHIP TO BE CONSIDERED

Tesla is rethinking how batteries are made – from the ground up. We are designing new factories, new equipment, new processes and new software to rapidly scale battery manufacturing. The bottleneck to Tesla’s expansion, as well as the transition to sustainable transport and energy storage, is our ability to produce and procure batteries. This is why we are innovating in-house, with our collection of world-class engineers, to redefine the industry.

Data, analytics and automation all play a critical part in this strategy. As part of the Cell Manufacturing Analytics team, you will define critical components of the data architecture that supports Tesla’s Gigafactories across North America and Europe. The architecture enables our team and various engineering and operations customers at Tesla to leverage the vast amounts of data generated throughout the cell manufacturing process. We trace the lifecycle of our cells all the way to the global Tesla vehicle fleet to design and produce safer, lower-cost, and higher-performance cells. You will develop data-driven models and analyses that help our leadership to ramp up and optimize our factories as fast as possible.
What You’ll Do
Define, design and develop novel data systems and architectures to accurately track and describe the cell manufacturing process all the way from raw material to vehicle in the fleet
Work closely with process, quality, automation and software engineers to define requirements and incorporate them in the product design
Build intuitive visualizations using Tableau, Grafana as well as in-house visualization tools
Build data aggregation pipelines using Python (Apache Airflow), SQL (ClickHouse, Spark, Trino) and Flux (InfluxDB)
Curate datasets and timeseries to find correlations using JMP, Minitab as well as in-house statistics tools
What You’ll Bring
Enrolled mathematics, computer science, physics, material science, mechanical/electrical/chemical engineering or equivalent
Demonstrated skills in analytical thinking and data science from previous jobs, internships, competitions, publications and/or other extracurricular activities
Enjoys collaboration, especially in cross-functional teams
Self-directed; takes end-to-end ownership
Attention to detail and professionalism
Good knowledge in Python programming (Pandas, Matplotlib, Plotly Dash)
Experience with databases (MySQL, ClickHouse, InfluxDB) and data systems (Apache Spark, Apache Kafka)

Optional skills:

Experience in high-volume manufacturing is a strong plus
Experience with data analysis tools, e.g. JMP, Minitab
Experience with data visualization tools, e.g. Tableau, Grafana, Apache Superset
Experience with data pipeline tools, e.g. Apache Airflow
Experience in statistics and/or machine learning
Diesen Job melden