Bioinformatician / Data Scientist (m/f/d), reference: “Bioinformatics/Data Scientist”
TRON
55131 Mainz
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

We are looking for committed people with enthusiasm for biomedical research!

TRON is a non-university, biopharmaceutical research institute in the legal form of a non-profit

organization. The company’s aim is to develop highly innovative technologies to address medical needs

in the fields of cancer diagnostics and therapeutics. TRON was founded in Mainz in 2010 and works in

close cooperation with universities and clinics as well as with regional, national and international

research institutions and companies in the pharmaceutical industry.

TRON is currently expanding its personalized cancer genomics area. For this reason, we are searching

continuously highly talented and motivated researcher to support development of the world’s first

personalized cancer vaccine (PCV). With TRON, you will become a global leader in the development of

a completely novel immunotherapy against cancer using personalized tumor cancer vaccines.

As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with talented and dedicated colleagues, to

develop and expand your professional experience, and to be at the cutting-edge of translational science

to improve patient lives.

To support our personalized cancer genomics team and our technological knowledge and expertise, we

are looking as soon as possible for a

Bioinformatics/Data Scientist (m/f/d)

DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 

Support in developing, optimizing and testing innovative bioinformatic methods for our
personalized cancer vaccine platform that you will integrate into existing clinical processes. 

Evaluate bioinformatic analyses in a clinical environment 

Responsibility for programming and analysis of bioinformatic data. Apply numerous bioinformatic
tools to NGS datasets from various sources 

Design and oversee experiments to test novel algorithms 

Work with “big data” to test novel hypotheses 

Support publishing in scientific journals

QUALIFICATION & EXPERIENCE 

Doctorate in physics, bioinformatics or a comparable subject with a strong background in statistics,
genomics and a passion for data. 

Excellent command of programming languages such as Java and Python 

At least three years of experience in analysis of NGS datasets and use of bioinformatic tools 

Experience in cancer genomics, data analysis and evaluation of bioinformatic methods in a clinical
environment would be an advantage 

Experience writing publications in international journals 

Excellent command of English

If you are a self-starter who likes working in a dynamic research & development environment,

enthusiastic about translational science and thrilled by supporting the implementation of personalized

medicine, you will feel home at TRON and within your task. If you have additionally strong visual, verbal

and written communication skills, and besides that, if you are an enthusiastic team player with good

organizational skills, you should not wait any longer to apply for this position.

We are looking forward to receive your application.

Please send your application documents (cover letter, CV, certificates) by email in one single document

of max. 5 MB to the Human Resources Team of TRON: jobs (at) tron-mainz.de, reference

“Bioinformatics/Data Scientist”.

For further information, please visit our homepage www.tron-mainz.de, TRON gGmbH.

Diesen Job melden