Junior Research Group Leader/Postdoc (m/f/d) in the area of Data Privacy and Data Sovereignty
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Sankt Augustin
Homeoffice
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros. We at Fraunhofer FIT are an excellent partner for the human-centric design of our digital future. We don't just want to make the world more digital. We want to make it a better place for people.

Some 350 scientists are working within interdisciplinary teams on innovative solutions for current challenges in the domains of Digital Energy, Health and Sustainability as well as Human-centered Engineering & Design, Data Science & AI, Business & Information Systems Engineering, Microsimulation, and Cooperation Systems like Blockchain.


Are you interested in research & practical projects around the topic Data Privacy and Data Spaces? Then take the chance and become part of our department Data Science and Artificial Intelligence in Sankt Augustin/Aachen!


Our research group, Data Protection and Sovereignty, is dedicated to developing cutting-edge solutions that ensure the security and privacy of sensitive data in real-world data-driven use-cases across various application domains. These include, but are not limited to, cybersecurity, data spaces, energy, supply chain, finance, and health. Data sovereignty, the ability of individuals or entities to have complete control over their data, requires advanced technologies beyond anonymization, such as homomorphic encryption (HE), secure multi-party computation (MPC), and differential privacy. As a part of this team, you will conduct research and develop secure solutions for real-world use-cases (e.g., data spaces, machine learning applications, secure data exchange, distributed systems) to enable data privacy and data sovereignty with partners from industry and research, in national and international projects.

We are active in the industry-driven data infrastructure initiatives International Data Spaces and Gaia-X, the Medical Informatics Initiative, as well as research data infrastructures.




What you will do

You take part in interdisciplinary research collaborations, e.g., within Fraunhofer/RWTH Aachen University and with other national and international partners and customers.
You will be securing research funding from national and international funding agencies and industry customers.
You conduct research in information security and privacy, e.g., in the area of data spaces and cybersecurity.
You have the opportunity to teach in information privacy and machine learning related topics.
You supervise BSc, MSc, and PhD students.
You will be publishing research results and disseminate relevant research to a wider audience (public outreach).



What you bring to the table

You have (or be about to complete) a PhD degree in computer Science/mathematics/related topics.
Proven academic track record (e.g., published in well-known security and privacy conferences).
Strong background in mathematics and computer science.
Experience in working collaborative research projects, including project management experience.
Fluent written and verbal communication skills in English and German (or strong willingness to learn German in a fast track).

In addition, you have in-depth knowledge of some of the following areas:
Experience in applied cryptography/Privacy Enhancing Technologies (e.g., Secure Multiparty Computation, Homomorphic Encryption, Differential Privacy).
Experience with methods and algorithms for Machine Learning/Data Science/Deep Learning and its relevance in practical applications.
Ideally you have experience in Knowledge Graphs and Data Semantics.
Usable Security and Privacy.
Good programming skills (e.g. Java, C, C++) and scripting languages (e.g. Python, JavaScript).
Requirements engineering, Software architecture and development methodologies.
Knowledge about legislation that is relevant for data sovereignty and privacy, especially the GDPR.

Any the following areas of expertise are an asset:
Experience with the domain of cybersecurity.
Privacy-preserving Machine Learning.
Intrusion Detection Systems.
Experience with the domain of energy systems/critical infrastructure.
Differential privacy for statistical databases and for sensor data.
Homomorphic encryption (HE) with SEAL or HELib.
Secure Multi-Party Computation (SMPC) with SPDZ or SCAPI.
Techniques for Synthetic Data Generation.
Privacy Preserving Record Linkage.
Data Anonymisation.
Threat Modelling.
Large Language Models.
Distributed ledgers and blockchains.



What you can expect

You will work with us in a leading international institute for applied research.
We are an interdisciplinary team that works with many interesting external stakeholders (companies, authorities, associations, etc.).
You get forward-looking projects in which you enter unknown territory. That means: a lot of design freedom, creativity, cooperation with research-strong industrial companies in different sectors such as e.g. pharmaceuticals, as well as tech start-ups.
We are motivated and live an open, appreciative corporate culture - and we don't just say it like that.
You have the opportunity to assume responsibility in a leadership role.
Your development is important to us: We encourage you and offer useful learning opportunities.
We have flexible working hours, part-time models and the option of working from home.
We are family-friendly: Sometimes family comes first - we know that. Among other things, we offer emergency care, life coaching and support with home and elder care.
Additional benefits: job ticket, sports offers, pension scheme, ice cream and good coffee, a castle with a castle park right in front of the door and much more...



We value and promote the diversity of skills of our employees and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social background, religion, ideology, disability as well as sexual orientation and identity.

The weekly worktime is 39 hours. The position can also be filled part-time. Employment, remuneration and social benefits are based on the collective agreement for the public sector (TVöD). In addition, Fraunhofer can grant performance and success-related variable remuneration components. Severely disabled people are given preference if they have the same qualifications and suitability. The position is initially limited to 2 years. We are interested in a long-term cooperation.

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.

Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!


Have we piqued your interest? Then apply online now with your detailed application documents. We are looking forward to meet you!

We will be happy to answer any questions you may have about this opening:

Dr. Avikarsha Mandal

Email: avikarsha.mandal@fit.fraunhofer.de

Telephone: +49 241 8021510

Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology FIT

Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology FIT




Requisition Number: 65910 Application Deadline:

Diesen Job melden