Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
IT Intern (full-time) / Working Student (25h/week)
DHL
(gehört zu Deutsche Post & DHL)
Bonn
Vollzeit
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
IT Internship (full-time)/Working Student (25h/week)

With around 570,000 colleagues in 220 countries and territories, we're one of the biggest private employers in the world. That international outlook is something you'll experience every day, along with amazing opportunities to work with people from around the globe.

We're also serious about sustainability and here that means more than just protecting the environment. It's about doing things the right way, and in the long-term interests of our customers, our colleagues, the communities we're part of, and the planet itself. Join us to do your best too!

Join us and you'll be working with colleagues from a wide range of backgrounds - all with different skills, experiences, and points of view. Diversity is one of our greatest strengths, and promote inclusion every day, in everything we do. Join us to keep working in that direction!

Are you looking for a 12-month high-impact internship in a globally leading company? Are you an enthusiastic learner who has a passion for IT topics and enjoys working in a company in which your development is key? DHL Supply Chain has an opening for an Internship in the IT Project Delivery department in Bonn, Germany.

What will be your job?
You’ll work independently on software development and support activities for Corporate applications of IT and Business Project Delivery Departments, HR, and other departments within the mainland Europe, Middle East, and Africa region
You’ll build SharePoint Online-based web applications and occasionally build custom cloud web applications using Java or .Net and hosted on Azure to help deliver business objectives
You’ll work on regional data analytics initiatives (e.g., data mining, predictive analytics, machine learning, business intelligence, etc.) by coding on Python, Power BI, etc.
You’ll support the IT Project Management Office by coordinating and managing project tasks, timelines, and scope
You’ll work closely with the regional IT and Business project delivery leadership team
Opportunity to work in a hybrid office environment, working from home based on team agreement.
Opportunity to work on a DHL project that could support your master thesis
Opportunity to learn stakeholder management skills, navigating with senior management in a matrix environment

Who are we looking for? Your profile:
Ongoing University-level education in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related streams
University courses/self-learning or hands-on experience in
Data Science / developing Data Analytics Solutions
Developing reports using Power BI
Web applications development using SharePoint, PowerAutomate, PowerApps, PowerPlatform, Dataverse
Working with databases (SQL, Microsoft Azure)
Coding with Python (desirable)
Creative, solution-oriented, great team player with exceptional communication skills and the ability to multitask
Ability to work independently, taking initiative and focus on delivering high-quality results
Fluency in English is a must

We look forward to your application!
Diesen Job melden