Research Associate/Post-Doc for data analysis in correlative microscopy
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Forchheim
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

Fraunhofer IKTS conducts application-oriented research for advanced ceramics. The three locations in Dresden and Hermsdorf (Thuringia) form the largest ceramics research institute in Europe. As a research and technology service provider, we develop modern ceramic high-performance materials, industry-relevant manufacturing processes as well as prototype components and systems in complete production lines up to pilot scale. In addition, the portfolio includes the competencies of materials diagnostics and testing.




The research group “Correlative Microscopy and Materials Data” develops advanced and tailored microscopy and spectroscopy workflows for biological materials, high performance ceramic materials and battery materials at the Forchheim site. In particular, X-ray tomographic data for micro- and mesostructure analysis are in focus.




What you will do

As part of our interdisciplinary team in the field of correlative microscopy and data processing, you can expect a variety of tasks. You will have the chance to build up your own research group and lead exciting projects with potential applications in areas such as chemistry, biology and materials science. You will engage in the development and application of machine learning algorithms, image processing and other data-based technologies, and find innovative solutions to complex problems. By working closely with colleagues and partners from industry and research, you will have the opportunity to gain valuable insight and experience in applied research and continuously expand your knowledge.




What you bring to the table

You have successfully completed a PhD in computer science, physics or a related field and have expertise in the application of standard and machine learning image algorithms as well as the ability to establish and lead your own research group. Additionally, knowledge in microscopy and spectroscopy is an advantage.





Furthermore, the following skills round out your profile:

Experience in programming (e.g. Python, Matlab, R) and in the use of various machine learning tools and techniques (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow).
Fluency in written and spoken English



What you can expect

We offer you an exciting and interdisciplinary working environment with responsibility and room for your ideas. You are part of a young and dynamic team and have the opportunity to actively accompany the strategic development of Fraunhofer IKTS.




In addition, we offer the following benefits to our employees:

Flextime
Individual development and career opportunities
Various opportunities for further qualification
Company pension plan
Participation in job ticket
Support offers for the compatibility of family and career



We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.

The weekly working time is 39 hours.

The position is initially limited to 2 years and can also be filled on a part-time basis.

We would like to point out that the chosen job title also includes the third gender.

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft attaches great importance to professional equality irrespective of gender.

Appointment, remuneration and social security benefits based on the public-sector collective wage agreement (TVöD).

With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.

Interested? Apply online now. We look forward to getting to know you!


Questions about this position will be answered by:
Prof. Dr.-Ing. S. Christiansen
Tel.: +49 176 32596689




Fraunhofer Institute for Ceramic Technologies and Systems IKTS




Requisition Number: 65226 Application Deadline:

Diesen Job melden