Applied Scientist II, Search Navigation
Amazon Development Center DEU
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Applied Scientist II, Search Navigation
Amazon Development Center DEU - Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
PhD in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics (alternatively, MSc. and 3+ years in an ML scientist role)
2 + years of experience of building machine learning models for business application

Hundreds of millions of customers. Billions of queries per year and dollars in revenue. The scale and impact of Amazon Search is huge and we need you to imagine and develop innovative solutions to realize the future of product search worldwide. The Amazon Search team is looking for an Applied Scientist to work on our worldwide services that help customers explore Amazon’s product selection. The Search Navigation team is responsible for worldwide customer facing search features. Our algorithms select and rank navigation options to help customers explore, refine, and traverse search results across all device experiences worldwide. We exploit and enrich behavioral and semantic information to power an intelligent and flawless shopping experience. On a day-to-day basis, you will be part of a small, close-knit team of Applied Scientists and Engineers that are agile, data driven, and highly collaborative. You will be responsible for designing novel services, propose ideas, and solutions during planning with your team, implement big ideas, and then measure the experimental results. You will partner with the teams that power search relevance, query understanding, browse, and product recommendations. Engineers and scientists on our team have implemented ideas that have impacted millions of customers and generated millions of dollars in revenue. You should love challenges and working on large-scale, customer-facing projects. You have a strong sense of ownership and creativity as well as a focus on the technical operations for your team’s systems. You look forward to working in a high quality, international and diverse environment.

Experience with modeling tools such as R, scikit-learn, Spark MLLib, MxNet, Tensorflow, numpy, scipy etc.
Experience programming in Scala and Python
Solid Machine Learning background
Experience with deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or Keras
Experience with end-to-end development of complex projects (e.g., Robotics, IT, ML apps, Optimization software)

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d
Diesen Job melden