Data Analyst eCommerce & Customer Journey (f/m/d)
smart Automobile
Leinfelden-Echterdingen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

We are the brand for forward-thinkers. We celebrate challenging conventions and shaping the future of electric mobility. We focus on the essentials to bring perfection to customers. We make urban life more enjoyable and entertain our customers with new impulses.




Ever since smart exists, we rewrite the automotive industry’s rulebook. In the 1990s, we undermined the predominant philosophy of ‘bigger is better’ and designed a revolutionary car. Since 2020 we are the first car enterprise that switched to 100% electric! We aim to transform into a leading player in urban premium, electric & connected mobility provider.




Are you a forward thinker too? Then join us now!




Your responsibilities




In your role as “Data Analyst eCommerce & customer journey” you will be responsible for measuring and improving the customer journey onsite and offsite.




You take over cross-functional business-relevant topics and define & develop KPIs for your area of responsibility. Gathering insights and building reports is a key part of this role
You understand business goals and advise decision-makers based on data to build sustainable and maintainable products
You create hypotheses to increase business KPIs and derive data collection requirements, propose and execute customer journey optimization opportunities (A/B testing, personalization, etc.)
You will analyze, validate and visualize data to provide value-added insights and be responsible for creating reports in various visualization tools such as PowerBI and Adobe CJA
You are part of an agile, cross-functional team and work closely with UI/UX, E-Commerce, IT implementation, Digital Marketing, and others
You also have the role of KPI development and KPI governance, developing new KPIs or adapting existing KPIs accordingly



What you bring along




You have a successful track record in operational experience as a Senior Digital Analyst / Analyst
You bring a proven ability to quickly gain the trust of colleagues and key stakeholders and mobilize and motivate teams
You have a solid understanding of state-of-the-art digital analytics and strong in communication skills combined with outstanding moderation and presentation skills.
You are a problem solver, you organize yourself and you are always ready to find new and creative solutions
You have assertiveness, a sense of responsibility, a strong affinity for defining work in terms of results, and a willingness to meet deadlines
You bring knowledge of data & analytics toolchain such as Adobe analytics, Google Analytics
You have a bachelor degree or above in E-Commerce, digital media, computer science, economics, or engineering Professional Experience
You have good written and oral communication skills in English, fluent in German or Mandarin; other European languages are a plus



Please note that there may be a delayed application response on account of the Christmas and New Year vacation period.




We're building a workplace where amazing people like you can do their best work. Together with us, you enjoy the agile working atmosphere with cross-European responsibilities.




We're creating a culture where personal and professional growth are as important as business growth. Together with us, you'll build a diverse and inclusive environment where you feel you belong to.




We empower you to have ownership over work that directly impacts business. Together with us, you move fast and learn even faster; we emphasize on people and diversity. Due to our really diverse team, we expressly welcome applications from people with disabilities.

Diesen Job melden