Working Student: Full Stack & Data Visualization Developer (w/m/div)*
Infineon Technologies
München
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
We are seeking a highly motivated and dynamic working student to join our team in the Quality Management. This role combines expertise in full stack development with proficiency in Tableau to drive digital transformation initiatives within our quality management processes. As part of our globally operating corporation, you will have the opportunity to further develop your software engineering skills in an agile and high-tech environment. Your primary responsibility will be to support the development and maintenance of our existing cloud hosted web applications while also providing valuable assistance in reporting using Tableau. This is an excellent chance to gain hands-on experience in an innovative development setting and make a meaningful impact. Apply now and become a key player in our team!

Your new tasks and responsibilities will include:

Full Stack Development: Utilize a broad range of programming languages and frameworks (e.g., HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Python, Java, Blazor) to build robust and scalable web applications, databases, and APIs
User Experience (UX) Design: Contribute to the design of intuitive and user-friendly interfaces for digital quality management solutions
Data Visualization: Utilize Tableau or similar tools to create visually appealing and insightful dashboards and reports, enabling data-driven decision-making in quality management
Documentation: Document technical specifications, user manuals, and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the developed digital solutions


You are best equipped for this task if you:

Are studying Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or study a similar or related subject
Experience in Python, C#, R, HTML/CSS, JavaScript
Knowledge about containerized cloud architectures like OpenShift, Kubernetes
Have proficiency in Tableau or similar data visualization tools
Have a strong aptitude for logical thinking and enjoy working collaboratively in a team environment
Are very experienced in the use of common Microsoft Office Programs
Business fluent in English
Please attach the following documents to your application:

CV in English
Certificate of enrollment at university
Latest grades transcript (not older than 6 months)
High school report
Important information:

Working part-time: The focus is on studies. Therefore, working student is possible during the lecture period with a maximum of 20 hours per week.
Proper students (according to the German law) are welcome: You must be enrolled and the examination results or modules of your studies must not have been completed yet, so that you can still work in our team for at least 6 months. You must also not be in a semester of leave.
You should live close to the site: It is important for us to work with you on site and to integrate you into the team. You should therefore be able to come to the site regularly.



In our headquarters in Neubiberg near Munich, more than 6000 employees are working in research & development, several central functions, IT and many more.



Driving decarbonization and digitalization. Together.

Infineon designs, develops, manufactures, and markets a broad range of semiconductors and semiconductor-based solutions, focusing on key markets in the automotive, industrial, and consumer sectors. Its products range from standard components to special components for digital, analog, and mixed-signal applications to customer-specific solutions together with the appropriate software.

* The term gender in the sense of the General Equal Treatment Act (GETA) or other national legislation refers to the biological assignment to a gender group. At Infineon we are proud to embrace (gender) diversity, including female, male and diverse.
Diesen Job melden