Student Intern Master Data Management (f/m/d)
DHL
(gehört zu Deutsche Post & DHL)
Bonn
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

Student Intern Master Data Management (f/m/d)

Build your Career, Make an Impact!

We are DHL Freight - a group of 13,000 road cargo experts operating in more than 40 countries, who are proud to provide their customers with the best overland freight transport solutions. We are always looking ahead to the next commercial opportunity predicting the next potential issue, anticipating the next global trend. Because at DHL Freight, we're not simply about freight forwarding. We're about forward thinking ways to connect people - and improve their lives.

We are looking for a motivated Student Intern (m/f/d) for our Masterdata Management Team in Bonn. The internship will start as of 1st September 2023.


In this role you will support the Masterdata team in the following tasks:

Preparation of SOPs for activities resulting out of Strategy Implementation (e.g. clean-up routines, Performance Dialoge preparation etc.)
General support of the MDM strategy implementation (Data table mapping, data analysis, action tracking)
Post go-live master data clean-up in collaboration with the country organizations
Our perfect match:

You are currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's degree in the field of Business Administration, Economic Science, Engineering or any comparable program
You are available for 12 months for 20 hours a week
You speak fluent English and preferrably have a good grasp of German
You enjoy working with data and are keen on learning more about master data management and creating standard operating procedures
You are reliable, detail oriented and very accurate in data management

Our culture and benefits

Interns are highly appreciated at DHL Freight! You will participate in interesting and up-do-date subjects and regularly communicate with our colleagues from DHL Freight nationally and internationally. It is our aim to provide you a valuable internship which will not only offer you an insight into the world of logistics but also a chance to take the next step towards your professional development.

DHL Freight is globally recognized as a TOP EMPLOYER®. We reward excellent work and we nurture the talents of our employees. This enables you as an employee to develop your expertise and your career in different areas or divisions – and even in other countries. We are committed to creating a workplace that ensures mutual respect and is focused on results. We hire talented people from all backgrounds – irrespective of gender, disability, nationality, ethnicity, social background, religion and beliefs, age or sexual orientation and identity. Diversity enriches our workplace, drives our success, and helps us deliver excellence. DHL Freight is an equal opportunity employer and very focused on promoting opportunities for Women@Freight.

Additionally, this is what you can expect:

Flexible working conditions incl. the opportunity of mobile work
An international team with colleagues from over 30 different countries
Wellbeing offers: fresh fruit, visits by company doctor, workshops on mental well-being, free and confidential access to counselling and assistance with elderly and child care
Free access to learning platforms within DHL Freight
Career planning and skill development workshops
And much more…

Your contact

Nisha Pillay will be happy to answer your questions at nisha.pillay@dhl.com. Are you ready to start heading in a new direction, professionally and personally? Perfect!

For further information check out this video.

DHL Freight. Your Future, Delivered

Diesen Job melden