ERP Specialist (all genders) - Microsoft Business Central
GG Brands GmbH
10407 Berlin
Teilzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
Your Job

As ERP Specialist (all genders) at GG Brands you are the first point of contact for the ERP system (Microsoft Business Central) of an e-commerce & B2B company. You will support about 30 users with questions in their daily business, advise the departments on the further development of the system and solve emerging technical problems in close cooperation with our external partner. Our office is located in Berlin-Mitte within walking distance of the main train station. Your work-life balance is important to you? You can also work 10 days per month remotely, 3 days per month also from another country within the European Union. Part-time employment is also possible, if you ​are flexible in technical emergencies.

Your mission


You are responsible for the in-house administration of the ERP system (Microsoft Business Central) as well as the support of the ERP users.
You troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to Microsoft Business Central and ensure system security and user access control.
As an interface to the specialist departments (Supply Chain, IT, Marketing & Sales, Customer Service, Finance & BI), you will also play an important role in the further development of the ERP system. You will analyze and document business processes to identify areas for process improvement and provide solutions.
You will perform system testing, data migrations and integration tasks. You will work closely with our external partner for further programming of the system.
Additionally, you will train users to increase their independence in using the system.
Your experience


You have a degree as an IT specialist (application development, system integration), IT systems electronics technician, IT systems clerk, Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) in computer science or similar training.
More important than your educational background, however, is that you already have at least 3 years of experience implementing and customizing Microsoft Business Central.
Experience from an e-commerce company is an advantage, but not a must.
You should also have excellent problem solving skills and enjoy troubleshooting technical issues.
As this position requires you to work very independently with a reporting line directly to management, you should have strong organizational and implementation skills and a willingness to take ownership of decisions within your area.
Strong communication skills are also a must for this position as you will be in constant communication with various departments and external contacts.
You should be able to express yourself well in written and oral English, German language skills are an advantage but not a must.
Our offer


We offer you compensation in line with the market and your performance, as well as a contribution to your company pension plan. In addition, you will enjoy numerous benefits through access to our corporate benefits partner program and an employee discount on our entire product range.
Delicious coffee & drinks, fruit and snacks brighten your days at the office.
Our regular team lunches and company events provide a lot of fun and team spirit.
We offer flexible and family-friendly working hours so that friends, hobbies and family can also find an important place in your life. You can work mobile with us up to 10 days per month, 2-3 days even from another EU country. On Wednesdays, we all work at the office.
We offer 28 days of paid vacation.
As a signatory to the Diversity Charter, we are committed to promoting and embracing diversity in all areas of our business.
How to apply


Please click directly on "Apply for this position" and upload your CV (German or English) and your certificates there. A cover letter is not necessary, but you are welcome to use it to present yourself.
If we have received your application successfully, you will receive an automatic confirmation of receipt.
As soon as we have been able to review your documents, we will get back to you to clarify any open questions or to give you feedback on your application.
We conduct initial interviews virtually. If the interviews are more in-depth, we would like to get to know you in the office. Dress code: Come as you are!
If you have any questions in advance, please contact Inike Rosenbach, Head of People & Organization, at +49.30.692092037. We look forward to receiving your application!
Diesen Job melden