Trainee Program Data Science
Commerzbank AG Deutschland
Frankfurt am Main
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Become a high diver and immerse deeply - in topics, structures and networks. And that with a safety rope - after all, you start as our trainee with an unlimited contract - so you not only get well trained, but can courageously plan further career steps with us.

Your tasks

In Big Data and Advanced Analytics, we use digitization to optimize our structures and processes, to advance our business model, and to open up new sources of income. We use modern mathematical and statistical methods to create predictive models and to support decisions.

You can decide between different projects within Big Data & Advanced Analytics or other units and shape a trainee program that fits your skills and interests.
Learning and deepening of various programming languages is part of this program, as well as advanced trainings.

You are part of international agile teams and work on exciting topics like:

Formulating questions and developing use cases, exploring and transforming data as well as building and evaluating predictive models.
Implementing comprehensible model training and model validation processes.
Productively integrating models into cloud infrastructures and existing services and quantitatively monitoring their quality after go-live.
Further developing risk measurement procedures and the underlying models.

If desired, you have the possibility to work at an international location like London, Prague or Lodz for several weeks.

Your profile
Master’s degree (Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, etc.), not older than 18 months
A spirit of innovation, creativity and ownership
Good knowledge of English and German (B2 level)

You should have a very good understanding of at least three of the following topics:

Machine Learning Methods
Handling of large data bases
Programming languages like Python, R, or SAS
Exploratory data analysis
Statistical modelling
Our Benefits
Flexible work
Health and fitness offers
Work internationally
Employee conditions
Professional training & development

Flexible work; Health and fitness offers; Work internationally; Employee conditions; Professional training & development

Bookmark jobad

Print job ad

Share job ad

The company

Commerzbank is the leading bank for the Mittelstand and with a comprehensive portfolio of financial services a strong partner for corporate client groups and private and small-business customers in Germany. We are a bank that is characterized by a fair and cooperative relationship with one another and with our customers.

We appreciate working in inspiring teams of people who bring a diverse background. We offer a creative environment and excellent career development opportunities. Work Life Balance is very important to us. And of course, we know that a good job also includes an attractive salary.

Contact

Are you ready to start on 01.09.2023 or later in our team? We look forward to your online application via www.commerzbank.de/karriere. If you have any questions, please contact Tomas Klenke, Cluster Lead in Big Data & Advanced Analytics, at the e-mail address tomas.klenke@commerzbank.com or on the phone number +49 172 650 9630.

Your application process
Diesen Job melden