Associate Study Manager (m/f/d), Next Generation Sequencing, Europe
Azenta
04158 Leipzig
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

At Azenta, new ideas, new technologies and new ways of thinking are driving our future. Our customer-focused culture encourages employees to embrace innovation and challenge the status quo with novel thinking and collaborative work relationships.

Azenta Life Sciences is a global leader in the life sciences space with headquarters in Burlington, MA, and offices and operations worldwide. We are a market leader in automated bio sample management solutions and genomic services across areas such as drug development, clinical and advanced cell therapies for the industry's top pharmaceutical, biotech, academic and healthcare institutions globally. We provide unparalleled capabilities with our lab analysis, sample management and storage services, informatics software, and consumables, with the largest installed base managing over 1 billion samples globally.

Our Study Management team is looking for a new talent, starting at the earliest possible time as Associate Study Manager (m/f/d), Next Generation Sequencing, Europe.

Leipzig (Wiederitzsch)

How You’ll Make an Impact

Our multi-cultural Team supports customers throughout Europe. Our Team accompanies researchers at each step of their Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) project, from planning, through the submission, project processing, data delivery, post-delivery support.

This is a project management role that works closely with Team Leads, Technical Application Scientists, Sales, Customers, operations, bioinformatics and logistics.

The goals are to effectively support and provide NGS solutions from Azenta/ GENEWIZ NGS portfolio to customer’s biological questions, and to manage customer’s confirmed NGS projects. This is a great opportunity to grow and expand your genomics/NGS knowledge and skills. This position is located in our Leipzig office (Germany).

What You’ll Do

Review and ensure accurate submission of general inquiry information for quote generation.
Provide NGS consultation for projects via mail, video calls, site visits.
Support drafting NGS quotes for standard services and advanced technologies.
Manage confirmed NGS projects.
Provide updates to customers for their projects.
Support Senior Study Managers and Team Leads in account and process management.

What You’ll Bring

B.Sc./ B.A. in Life Sciences required, MS preferred.
Initial relevant experience preferred.
Background in molecular biology required with experience in genetics and genomics preferred.
Customer service and/ or scientific presentation experience preferred.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Strong attention to detail and organized work style are essential.
English language skills, verbal and written, are essential.
German and/ or French language skills are an advantage.
Master common office software (especially Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint).

Our Offer

Become part of a company that makes a positive contribution to launching groundbreaking scientific developments and therapies.
Contribute to innovative cell therapies and be a part of revolutionary cancer therapies.
Flexible working hours and the possibility of "mobile working" are a matter of course for us.
Take advantage of the operational opportunities in a growing, modern and innovative company within the health care/life science industry.
Experience an intensive exchange of experiences and a close cooperation in a worldwide network with our customers, friends and partners.
We offer the participation in national and international company events.
After your initial training, you will receive regular training and further education opportunities that are tailored to your needs.
A workplace that promotes your maximum.
30 days of vacation, permanent employment contract.
You will participate in numerous corporate benefits, such as life insurance, occupational pension scheme, pme Familienservice (Employee Assistance Program), corporate benefits platform as well as employee stock purchase plan to acquire company shares.
Positive corporate culture and practiced teamwork across all locations.
Individual development opportunities of your international competencies and language skills.

Contact

GENEWIZ Germany GmbH

Part of Azenta Life Sciences

Bahnhofstraße 86

04158 Leipzig

Email: Christina.Knappe@azenta.com

Please apply with your complete application documents (cover letter, detailed CV, references) in English.

About us

Azenta Life Sciences is a global life sciences leader headquartered in Burlington, MA, with offices and operation sites around the world. We are the market leader in automated biospecimen management solutions and genomic services in areas such as drug development, clinical and novel cell therapies for the world's leading pharmaceutical, biotech, academic and healthcare institutions. Our laboratory analysis, sample management and storage, informatics software and consumables services offer unparalleled capabilities and have the largest installed base managing over one billion samples worldwide.

For more information: https://careers.azenta.com/

Diesen Job melden