Open PhD Positions in Responsible Data Science at TU Munich
Technische Universität München
80333 München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

We are particularly interested in candidates who are passionate about data science and its applications to address the social and ethical challenges for the responsible and trustworthy application of AI.

The ideal candidates will have a background in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or related fields, as well as an interest in social science research methods and theories. The PhD positions will be part of a dynamic and collaborative team that conducts cutting-edge Data Science research and will provide opportunities to work with leading experts in the field of Responsible Data Science.

Responsibilities:

Conduct cutting-edge research in Responsible Data Science
Publish research results in leading academic journals and conferences
Collaborate with researchers from various disciplines
Participate in teaching activities and/or supervise Master's students

Requirements:

A Master's degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related fields
Strong programming skills (Python, Java, C++, etc.)
Knowledge of machine learning, data mining, or related fields
Excellent communication skills and ability to work in a collaborative team environment
Interest in social science research methods and theories
Proficiency in written and spoken English

The PhD positions will be based at the Technical University of Munich, Germany. Successful candidates will have access to state-of-the-art facilities and resources, as well as a stimulating and dynamic research environment.

Application Process: Interested candidates should send the following documents to gjergji.kasneci@tum.de by May 15th.

Curriculum vitae
Motivation letter (max. 2 pages)
Transcript of records
English proficiency test results (if applicable)
Contact information for 2-3 references

Shortlisted candidates will be invited for an interview.

We are committed to promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion in our research group, and encourage applications from individuals from underrepresented groups.

Contact: For further information about the positions and the application process, please contact Prof. Dr. Gjergji Kasneci (gjergji.kasneci@tum.de).

Hinweis zum Datenschutz:
Im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung um eine Stelle an der Technischen Universität München (TUM) übermitteln Sie personenbezogene Daten. Beachten Sie bitte hierzu unsere Datenschutzhinweise gemäß Art. 13 Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) zur Erhebung und Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen Ihrer Bewerbung. Durch die Übermittlung Ihrer Bewerbung bestätigen Sie, dass Sie die Datenschutzhinweise der TUM zur Kenntnis genommen haben.

Kontakt: gjergji.kasneci@tum.de

Diesen Job melden