Business Analyst DACH (m/w/d)
Unilever
Hamburg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
YOU ARE MORE THAN JUST YOUR JOB TITLE. MORE THAN JUST NUMBERS AND LETTERS ON YOUR CV. AND WE ARE MORE THAN JUST A COMPANY. SO WHY DON’T WE TEAM UP AND ACHIEVE EVEN MORE TOGETHER?! YOUR PERSONALITY AND PASSION, OUR MANY BRANDS AND CAREER OPPORTUNITIES. THE PERFECT FIT!
Hello, Unilever here! We are a leading international consumer goods manufacturer. Our nutrition, personal care, detergents and cleaning agent products are used day in, day out by around 2.5 billion people in over 190 countries. These include AXE, Dove, Lipton, Ben & Jerry's and many more.
For our location in Hamburg we are looking as soon as possible for a
Business Analyst DACH (m/w/d)
Main Job Purpose:
The Europe Data & Analytics team’s mission is to transform the European organization to a digital first culture, delivered by a world-class data and insights team, leaping ahead of our competition in everything we do.
The Europe Data & Analytics team is composed of data engineers, data analysts, business analysts, data scientists and product managers, whose role is to quickly understand the business context and challenges to create growth choices for Europe. We are now upsizing a new Data & Analytics team in DACH, to provide leadership in data and analytics across all DACH regions, all 5 Business Units and are looking for a Business Analyst to join the DACH Data & Analytics team.
The Business Analyst role will require partnering with key stakeholders to build a fit for purpose analytics portfolio and serve as the trusted data and analytics consultant for the business. The role is expected to deliver key data and advanced analytics capabilities to identify and solve business needs & opportunities in DACH. This role will need to blend the expertise of analytics & data science with business consultancy and project management, in driving and leading the development and delivery of data capabilities to fuel analytics. The role will be supported by a highly capable and dynamic EU Data & Analytics team who will take care of the technical aspects of delivering insights.
Your Tasks:
Not just any job: Your main tasks in this role are:
Create insight reporting and data led recommendations to the business.
Enable better decision-making by working with the larger Data & Analytics team to build & embed data & advanced analytics products.
Work with key stakeholders to understand and identify business issues and opportunities and define technical requirements.
Explore and innovate new solutions and capabilities in the areas of data, analytics, and AI to address the business issues and opportunities.
Lead the development of product design, business requirements, and benefits identification to feed into the business case.
Lead the development, delivery and deployment of the product or capability.
Support the business in change impact assessment and the delivery of change management to drive the product adoption.
Drive local insights and analyses and / or leading local innovations in analytics and data science by working closely with the Data Scientists
What you contribute:
Not just anyone: If you demonstrate a high level of motivation to work for an international company we are looking forward to your application. Furthermore, you possess:
B.S. or M.S level qualifications, preferred (but not a requirement) disciplines include Operations Research, Economics/Mathematics, Business Studies/MBA, Engineering
Overall experience of +2 years and FMCG experience preferred
Strong track record of working with business partners to drive definition, alignment, and support for application of analytics and data to address complex business issues
Passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data
Ability to rapidly connect + match analytics and data products to business needs
Knowledge of an analysis tool such as Microsoft PowerBI desired
Ability to apply an agile analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision
Ability to communicate complex quantitative insights in a precise, and actionable manner
You can present your analysis effectively (visualization and communication)
You are autonomous in your work and demonstrate a good ability to synthesize your insights
Growth mind-set and a bias for action
Mandatory fluency in German and English
What we offer:
Agile work (e. g. flex time, home office)
Wide range of training opportunities and development prospects
Attractive remuneration and additional financial benefits
Exciting role within a fast paced, multinational company
Several different employees benefits
Due to the current situation interviews will be conducted by telephone or video call. We work mainly in the home office.
How to apply:

Just go to our career portal at
Unilever Karriere (myworkdayjobs.com)
and apply online.
Don’t forget: let us know your salary expectations and your earliest possible starting date.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Melanie (HR.DACH@unilever.com).

We will unfortunately not be able to consider any incomplete applications.


E-mail applications will not be processed!

Diversity is an important element of our culture. We look forward to receiving your application regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, age, sexual orientation or identity.
Unilever is an organisation committed to equity, inclusion and diversity to drive our business results and create a better future, every day, for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. At Unilever we are interested in every individual bringing their ‘Whole Self’ to work and this includes you! Thus if you require any support or access requirements, we encourage you to advise us at the time of your application so that we can support you through your recruitment journey.
Diesen Job melden