Cellular Software Engineer
Apple
München
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Cellular Software Engineer
Apple - München
Job
Unternehmen
Summary
Posted: Apr 25, 2023
Role Number: 200464953
Join the Wireless Technologies and Ecosystems (WTE) organization and be part of a best-in-class team of engineers, working with multi-functional teams to drive innovation and develop products used by millions worldwide. We are looking for a highly reciprocal individual who can excel in a high-paced environment. Be ready to make something extraordinary when you come here. Dynamic, encouraging people and innovative, industry-defining technologies are the norm at Apple. The people who work here have reinvented and defined entire industries with our products and services. The same real passion for innovation also applies to our business practices - strengthening our dedication to leave the world better than we found it. You should join Apple if you want to help deliver the next amazing Apple product.
Key Qualifications
Strong Software Engineering skills including design, programming (C or C++), debugging and testing is required
Experience in analyzing system logs and resolving issues working with cross functional teams is required
Experience in development of tools and scripting for verification/analysis of a product is required
Experience in software performance optimization on ARM based platforms is required
Understanding of network protocols such as (TCP/UDP/IP)
Good understanding of OS concepts (heap/stack/threads/mutex/memory/scheduling) is a plus
Solid understanding of 3GPP Specifications related to 5G NR and LTE Data protocols (including SDAP/PDCP/RLC/MAC and relevant PHY Layer Specifications).
Experience with silicon prototyping, emulation systems, and virtual platforms is a plus
Description
Apple’s Cellular Software team is seeking talented, highly motivated and disciplined engineers to work across layers on groundbreaking cellular technologies. The position involves identifying and/or developing core cellular technologies that solves everyday problems for customers using iPhone, iPad, Watch and other wireless product lines. We are passionate about keeping our users connected 24/7 wherever they go. This team takes pride in not just coming up with proven software designs but also in disrupting traditional models of the cellular ecosystem. We do whatever it takes to bring user experience to the next level. Our members work on Cellular protocol stack, specifically on critical data plane, to come up with the best possible solution for any given problem. Are you equally passionate about cellular technologies and have the dream to work on groundbreaking cellular technologies? Then we are looking for you. As part of this team you will impact iPhone user experience worldwide.
Education & Experience
Masters or PhD Degree in Computer Science/Informatics, Computer/Electrical Engineering or equivalent
Additional Requirements
Diesen Job melden