wiss. Mitarbeiter:in / Postdoc (m/w/d)
Technische Universität Dresden
01069 Dresden
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Technische Universität Dresden (TUD), as a University of Excellence, is one of the leading and most
dynamic research institutions in the country. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented,
regionally anchored top university as it focuses on the grand challenges of the 21st century. lt
develops innovative solutions for the world's most pressing issues. In research and academic
programs, the university unites the natural and engineering sciences with the humanities, social
sciences and medicine. This wide range of disciplines is a special feature, facilitating interdisciplinarity
and transfer of science to society. As a modern employer, it offers attractive working conditions to all
employees in teaching, research, technology and administration. The goal is to promote and develop
their individual abilities while empowering everyone to reach their full potential. TUD embodies a
university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, mutual appreciation, thriving innovation
and active participation. For TUD diversity is an essential feature and a quality criterion of an excellent
university. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who would like to commit themselves, their
achievements and productivity to the success of the whole institution.

At the Faculty of Biology, the Chair of Botany offers a position as



Research Associate / Postdoc (m/f/x)
(subject to personal qualification employees are remunerated according to salary group E 13 TV-L)

starting September 1, 2023. The position is limited for a period of 3 years with the option of extension.
The period of employment is governed by the Fixed Term Research Contracts Act
(Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz-WissZeitVG). The position aims at obtaining further academic
qualification (usually habilitation thesis).

Tasks:

development of an own research profile in a current working area of organismic botany, such

as: functional morphology and anatomy, biomechanics or biomimetics. However, molecular
methods or modeling approaches are not excluded. The collections of the Botanical Garden
should be used as intensively as possible. Own proposals for a research program in the above-
mentioned area are also welcome;

independent acquisition of third-party funding projects and their implementation;
supervision of Bachelor and Master theses as well as student and research assistants and
interns;

cooperation with partners inside and outside the TU Dresden;
independent teaching in the Bachelor's and Master's programs in which the Faculty of Biology
is involved (German and/or English);

presentation of research results at conferences and writing of scientific publications.

Requirements: university and very good PhD degree in the field of biology with focus on botany or a
comparable science area. Experience in the use of microscopic techniques, µ-ct or MRT and
biomechanical methods or modeling is an advantage.

TUD strives to employ more women in academia and research. We therefore expressly encourage
women to apply. The University is a certified family-friendly university and offers a Dual Career
Service. We welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. If multiple candidates prove to be
equally qualified, those with disabilities or with equivalent status pursuant to the German Social Code
IX (SGB IX) will receive priority for employment.

Please submit your detailed application with the usual documents and a research concept for the first
two years by June 15, 2023 (stamped arrival date of the university central mail service applies),
preferentially via the SecureMail-portal of TU Dresden https://securemail.tu-dresden.de as single PDF
file to christoph.neinhuis@tu-dresden.de or to: TU Dresden, Fakultät Biologie, Professur für

Botanik, Herrn Prof. Christoph Neinhuis, Helmholtzstr.10, 01069 Dresden, Germany. Please
submit copies only, as your application will not be returned to you. Expenses incurred in attending
interviews cannot be reimbursed.

Reference to data protection: Your data protection rights, the purpose for which your data will be processed,
as well as further information about data protection is available to you on the website: https://tu-
dresden.de/karriere/datenschutzhinweis.

Diesen Job melden