Experienced AI software developer (3 5 years of exp.) (f/m/d)
Synergeticon GmbH
20095 Hamburg
Schnellbewerbung
Synergeticon is a leading software company based in Hamburg, Germany. With our software solutions, we enable European companies to use cutting-edge technologies such as applied artificial intelligence, modern computer vision frameworks and intelligent robot applications. We are pioneers in these areas and try to push further the status quo in several research projects. To accompany the growth of our team dedicated to artificial intelligence in the field of computer vision, we are looking for an AI software developer with an intermediate +3- 5 years’ experience. The position is available from 1st of August onwards and will be located in Hamburg, Germany (remote work possible, to be discussed after the first round of selection).

In this role, you will be part of our young and dynamic team contributing to the development of modules & applications covering a wide range of industrial and research use-cases. You will be working both with other developers and project managers to deliver creative solutions from idea to production. You will also ensure the development of the team members competences based on the current state of the art for artificial intelligence.

Tasks


You have successfully completed your university degree in software development, computer science or machine learning
You have a deep understanding of Python and can develop your own modules independently
You are comfortable developing solutions based on neural networks and have significant experience in artificial intelligence applied to 3D data
You have already submitted research papers dedicated to AI or/
Alternatively, you are an avid contributor to Stackoverflow, Crossvalidated or Kaggle
You can communicate professionally in English, but maybe also other languages? If yes, let us know!
Requirements


You have outstanding problem-solving capabilities
You have natural curiosity
You show efficient communication skills both within the team and externally (with the customer) on site and remotely
You have patience and commitment while mentoring over enthusiastic software developers
Benefits


Some challenging digitization projects in the field of robotics, AI and automation
Participation in product development
Personal responsibility combined with short decision-making processes
Flexible working hours and remote work possible
Regular informal events with the team such as our weekly board game afterwork (all players levels welcome)
Interested? Don’t hesitate to send your application here.
Diesen Job melden