Doctoral candidate (f/m/d) in the field of "Meta-masked Learning for Vehicle Time Series Data"
Volkswagen AG
Wolfsburg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Apply now!

To my favorites

Share

Print

Info for similar jobs

Your working environment

As part of the Volkswagen Group Innovation, the sub-department AI and Data Analytics deals with the methodology and concept development of digital services for all brands of the Volkswagen Group. One main topic is the integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into digitized and networked vehicles, which means that, among other things, aging information and errors of vehicle components can be automatically extracted from our prototypes and Volkswagens vehicle fleets. In particular, the processing of time series -based vehicle information in the context of big data by intelligent algorithms is an essential area and in responsibility of our team. Within these areas of responsibility, we offer you the opportunity to work in a young and interdisciplinary team at the research and development of intelligent algorithms and the participation in the shape of future mobility for generations to come.

Your tasks

In your dissertation, you will focus on intelligent algorithms in the context of big data. Extremely large amounts of data are required for the training of AI models, the generation of theirs is associated with a lot of effort and high costs. A new approach to saving training data in the language interpretation is the masked language learning (e.g. GPT). A created AI data model can then be used for various ML-Tasks (e.g. predictive maintenance).
We offer you the opportunity to gain experience as a data scientist and at the same time work on highly relevant topics in the automotive industry.

The final doctoral topic is defined together with the professor (m/f/d). The prerequisite for the cooperation is the confirmation of supervision as well as a confirmed delimitation of topics on the part of the professor (m/f/d) of a university or research institution entitled to confer a doctorate. We would be happy to support you here.

Your qualifications

University degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, engineering or comparable fields of study with doctoral authorization

Good to very good academic grades

Extensive practical experience with the implementation of models in one of the relevant machine learning frameworks such as Pytorch, Keras or Tensorflow. To do this, either Python or C ++ must be dominated and modern software development methods are known

Increasing knowledge in the field of statistics and machine learning

High self -motivation and high level of initiative

Structured way of working and positive approach to complex challenges

Pronounced communication skills and safe demeanor

Advanced German and English skills (at least B2 for both)

Your participation in the 3-year doctoral program of Volkswagen offers you the following benefits:

Attractive remuneration & 30 vacation days

35-hour week, flexible work time, mobile work

Seminars on scientific work and interdisciplinary qualifications

Participation in the doctoral college for scientific exchange with science representatives and other doctoral candidates within the Volkswagen Group

Further information

This position is with the
Volkswagen AG
in
Wolfsburg
to fill.
Employment is possible from:
30.06.2023
Reference code:
E-2383/2023
Your questions answered

Mr. Fabian Wenzel
under the telephone number


05361-9-36363
Diesen Job melden