Data Analytics Product Owner - International Big Data (m/f/d)
Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG
74653 Künzelsau
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Würth is a leading manufacturer of fastening technology for professional applications. With over 7,500 employees across Germany (over 85,000 employees in the Würth Group worldwide) and sales of EUR 2.3 billion (EUR 19.95 billion in the Würth Group) (2022) it is the largest single company in the globally active Würth Group.
As real doers, we are always passionate about what we do. A high level of self-motivation, great creative freedom and a strong collegiality characterize the culture in our Würth family company. Does that sound good to you? Then discover your entry opportunities now and become part of the Würth family. It's time for a new challenge.

Data Analytics Product Owner - International Big Data (m/f/d)

in Künzelsau

Das erwartet Sie:

Big Data, Artificial Intelligence, Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning are becoming increasingly important in today’s business landscape. The International Big Data Team is responsible for managing the development of analytical solutions and rolling them out internationally across the Würth Group. Be a pioneer and lead a new era of data-driven sales at Würth in a newly founded team!

Actively shape data and analytics products by transforming business problems into concepts and act as a product owner along the development process from ideation until deployment.
Work in close collaboration with business domain, data science and data engineering experts and departments using agile methods to deliver high quality data products.
Support the business during pilot projects, implement analytics products, and proactively steer international roll-outs.
Cooperate with external partners and third parties to drive business value.
Advance the team with your expertise and live a culture of curiosity, constant learning, integrity, and mutual responsibility.

Das erwarten wir:

Master's degree in a quantitative field, e.g. computer science, business informatics, statistics, industrial engineering or related field.
Ideally first work experience with a focus on data and analytics.
Experience in data preparation, data modelling, analysis and visualization.
Hands on experience in big data technology and coding in SQL and python or similar languages as well as visualization tools such as PowerBI or similar.
Basic know-how or first experiences with MLOps, DevOps or general software engineering principles is an advantage.
Profound skills in presenting concepts in verbal and written format to both technical and non-technical colleagues.
Strong analytical thinking and high affinity for data.
Fluent in English, German is a plus.

Das bieten wir Ihnen:

Team: work with a highly diverse, friendly and motivated team of top experts who are open to new impulses from outside.
Type of contract: Permanent full-time position.
Work location: At the company headquarters and with the option of having up to 40% of the working time in the mobile office (home office).
Vacation days: 30 days of vacation, plus special leave for certain private occasions.
Training: Regular and varied training opportunities through our Akademie Würth (seminars, certificate courses, degree programmes), individual training support, internal development programmes and a wide range of career opportunities.
Social engagement & sustainability: The extraordinary social and cultural engagement through versatile initiatives of the Würth Foundation also shape our corporate culture. In the central strategic field of sustainability, we are on the transformation path towards our next goals: Climate neutrality and circular economy.
Other benefits: subsidized food at company restaurant and cafeterias, employee discounts in the Würth Shop and with external partners, a wide range of sports and fitness offers (courses, company sports groups, subsidised membership of the EGYM company fitness network, e-bike leasing), sabbaticals and much more.

Überzeugt? Dann freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbung über unser Online-Bewerbungsformular.

Adolf Würth GmbH & Co. KG · 74650 Künzelsau
T +49 7940 15-1680 · personal@wuerth.com · www.wuerth.de/karriere

Diesen Job melden