Data Analyst
Glooko
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

***PLEASE NOTE: Although this position is "remote," the applicant MUST live and work in Germany***




We are looking for a data analyst to lead Glooko's business intelligence activities. This includes:

tracking corporate goals and KPIs,
preparing customer billing reports and dashboards,
conducting analyses to help us better understand our users, clinics, and devices,
identifying and interpreting user patterns/trends/anomalies, and
communicating analysis results.



This is an individual contributor leadership role. You will spend:

50% of your time coding, analyzing data, and creating reports/dashboards, and
50% of your time communicating with internal and external stakeholders.



Areas of Responsibility:

Analyzing complex business problems using data from internal and external sources.
Processing and exploring data, discovering patterns/trends, and identifying anomalies.
Performing statistical analysis of structured and unstructured datasets to develop metrics, reports, and visualizations of trends and patterns.
Interpreting trends and patterns in datasets to guide data-driven decisions.
Using data visualization and BI tools to generate dashboards, reports, and presentations to aid in data storytelling.
Developing, monitoring, and maintaining growth and engagement metrics.
Gathering requirements, standardizing/automating reports, and providing insights.
Producing datasets, reports, and dashboards.
Working with the legal team to ensure compliance with data-sharing agreements.
Collaborating with internal and external stakeholders to understand data and analysis needs and develop technical requirements.
Supporting, managing, and scaling internal ad hoc analysis requests. This includes external and internal Support Sales, Account Management, & Customer Success teams.
Working closely with teams across the organization (Product Management, Marketing, Customer Success) to organize, prioritize, and execute on a roadmap designed to provide quick and scalable analytical support.



Contributing to Glooko's Data Science Team:

Generating a list of users that meet certain usage criteria for use in beta testing.
Submitting version-controlled code with test coverage.
Completing code reviews.
Researching methodology, tools, and frameworks for data analytics.
Engaging in technical discussions, participating in technical designs, and presenting technical ideas.
Making informed technology choices after due diligence and impact assessment.



Characteristics of the person we are looking for:

You are excited to work on a team that cares deeply about helping those living with chronic conditions.
You are a data-nerd. You love data and can tell a story with data and visualization in a calm, clear, and concise manner.
You are meticulous in everything you do.
You like writing code and automating processes.
You are continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills, and share what you learn.
You have a bias for action. Will thrive in a fast-paced, changing environment with limited structure that requires flexibility, resourcefulness, being efficient, and communicating effectively in a remote environment.
You agree with our departmental values.



Qualifications:

Experience/expertise in the following:
SQL,
Python,
BI dashboards,
Version control tools,
Bonus: Experience with Metabase
Bonus: Automated testing frameworks (e.g., Pytest, Unittest, or Nose),
Bonus: Coding in an IDE (e.g., Pycharm, Visual Studio),
Bonus: Agile software development experience.
A degree in a quantitative field, such as Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Quantitative Social Science, or Data Science. See experience requirements for each of the different Levels below.
Strong project management and organizational abilities. Ability to scope, initiate, and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills across all levels of the organization. You can explain technical issues to both technical and non-technical business partners.
Commitment to individual and team success.
Strong presentation and writing skills with a demonstrated ability to communicate well with others at varying professional levels, including medical professionals, researchers, and population health decision-makers.



About Glooko:

There are over 537 million people in the world with diabetes.

Glooko, a connected care platform for diabetes, helps patients and their care team more efficiently manage their condition between appointments. The digital health platform seamlessly unifies data from many of the leading diabetes and health monitoring devices to deliver insights that improve personal and clinical decision support. The free Glooko® Mobile and Web App enables patients to easily track and proactively manage all aspects of their diabetes care.

At Glooko, our proven technologies for diabetes and related chronic conditions make lives better by revolutionizing the connection between patients and providers, driving patient engagement and adherence via digital therapeutics, and accelerating the speed of clinical trials.

Launched in 2010, Glooko is funded and managed by visionary technologists and leaders in healthcare. Glooko is globally deployed in over 30 countries and 8,000+ clinical locations.

Glooko provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, marital status, or disability. In addition to federal law requirements, Glooko complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location where the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Posted positions are not open to third-party recruiters/agencies, and unsolicited resume submissions will be considered free referrals.

Diesen Job melden