Telescope engineer or scientist for CTA
Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY
15738 Zeuthen
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

Remuneration Group 13 | Limited: 5 years | Starting date: earliest possible | ID: APMA018/2023 | Deadline: 30.06.2023 | Full-time/Part-time | Remote work possible

DESY, with more than 2900 employees at its two locations in Hamburg and Zeuthen, is one of the world's leading research centres. Its research focuses on decoding the structure and function of matter, from the smallest particles of the universe to the building blocks of life. In this way, DESY contributes to solving the major questions and urgent challenges facing science, society and industry. With its ultramodern research infrastructure, its interdisciplinary research platforms and its international networks, DESY offers a highly attractive working environment in the fields of science, technology and administration as well as for the education of highly qualified young scientists.

We look for an engineer or scientist to work in the gamma-ray astronomy group of DESY in Zeuthen. In the next years the group focuses on constructing Medium-Sized Telescopes for the Cherenkov Telescope Array Observatory (CTAO) at La Palma in Spain and Paranal in Chile. Our team is responsible for the telescope structures and works on all aspects of the project and quality management, the systems engineering, the mechanical / optical design, the electronics and the software. While system design, development, and simulations are mostly done, in the construction phase we will pre-assemble the telescopes at DESY, assemble them at the observatory sites and then move to the commissioning phase to validate and analyse the first data.

About your role:

Development and coordination of all software related activities, or
Low-level software activities including general machine and process control via PLCs as well as high performance motor control systems, or
Systems engineering
Participation in on-site assembly and commissioning campaigns at Paranal and La Palma
Good reasons to join:

Look forward to a unique working environment on our international research campus. We attach particular importance to appreciative cooperation and the well-being of our DESY employees. Gender equality is an important aspect for us. To support work life balance we offer flexible working hours, variable part-time, job-sharing models and participation in mobile work. You will benefit from our family-friendly and collegial atmosphere, our established health management and occupational pension provision. As a public funded employer, we offer you a secure workplace and facilitate your individual career with our comprehensive training and development opportunities. Remuneration is according to the regulations of the TV-AVH. DESY offers its employees a financial supplement for a German job ticket at both locations.

About you:

Master's degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, physics, or equivalent qualification
For software focus, profound skills in object-oriented programming (e.g. C++, java, python) and data structures, operating systems (linux), real-time systems and process communication
For low-level software / electronics focus, excellent experience in PLC or hardware programming (C/C++), firmware programming, testing of electronics components
For systems engineering: profound experience in this area

For further information please contact David Berge, david.berge@desy.de or Markus Garzcarczyk, markus.garczarczyk@desy.de.

Please submit your complete application documents (letter of motivation, CV and relevant certificates).

We look forward to receiving your application via our application portal:



Apply now



DESY promotes equal opportunities and diversity. The professional development of women is very important to us and therefore we strongly encourage women to apply for the vacant position. Applications from severely disabled persons will be given preference if they are equally qualified.

You can find further information here:
https://www.desy.de/career/

Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron DESY
Personalabteilung
Notkestraße 85
22607 Hamburg
Phone: +49 40 8998-3392
Diesen Job melden