Data Platform Engineer - Veeva Link
Veeva Systems
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.
At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We’re not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a public benefit corporation (PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.
As a Work Anywhere company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.
Join us in transforming the life sciences industry, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.
The Role
Veeva Link supports the life sciences industry by building connected data applications to improve research and patient outcomes. It helps professionals to find the right people, e.g., clinical trials, education programs, or advisory boards. This streamlined access helps to reduce the time-to-market of essential drugs, conduct trials with the most relevant experts in the respective field, and spread information about new treatments to key people in the life science community. You can read more about Veeva Link on our product pages at https://www.veeva.com/products/veeva-link/.
As a Data Platform Engineer, you focus on our Data Platform. You can bring software and data engineering skills to the table and take responsibility for a major part of the system landscape.
We value end-to-end ownership, rational thinking, and an analytical mindset. You take responsibility for features and innovation using SOLID and clean software principles, take part in the architectural enhancement process and care for the quality of the outcome. Monitoring, metrics, and general observability are part of the feature design process.
What You’ll Do

Shape and work on Veeva Link’s next-gen Data Platform
Improve our current environment with features, refactoring, and innovation
Work with JVM-based languages, preferably Python or Java, on Spark-based data pipelines
Experiment in your domain to improve precision, recall, or cost savings
Apply software engineering skills to build maintainable, extensible, and SOLID data applications

Requirements

3+ years of experience
Expert skills in Python or Java
Experience with Apache Spark
Experience writing software for the cloud (AWS or GCP)
Speaking and writing in English enables you to take part in day-to-day conversations in the team and contribute to deep technical discussions

Nice to Have

Experience with Data Lakes, Lakehouses, and Warehouses (e. g. DeltaLake, Redshift)
DevOps skills, including terraform and general CI/CD experience
Previously worked in agile environments
Experience with expert systems

Perks & Benefits

Comprehensive benefits package
Annual allocations for continuous learning, development & charitable contributions
Fitness reimbursement
Veeva Work-Anywhere

#RemoteGermany

Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.

Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.

Diesen Job melden