Corporate Academy Student (m/w/d) - Business Intelligence / Data Warehousing
Scalefree International GmbH
30519 Hannover
520 € pro Woche - Teilzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Gehalt
520 € pro Woche
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
Your way to Scalefree

You want to deepen your already learned knowledge from university and apply it practically in projects? Your studies are still your main focus, but you still want to gain your first professional experience and earn some money? Then a study-accompanying trainee concept might be just the right thing for you.

Our program for Business Intelligence & Data Warehousing lasts 6 months and includes 10 hours per week. It starts twice a year on 01.03. and 01.09. and takes place on site in our office in Hanover. You will also receive a fixed salary of 520 euros.
You can apply the whole year for the next possible starting date.

Your mission

You will go through a 6-month program with different sections, which will be implemented both in theory and on a practical project ON SITE in HANOVER. At the beginning you will receive an intensive onboarding and first trainings, such as the handling of EDWs, Data Vault 2.0, AWS Foundational Trainings or dbt. During your traineeship, you will also have the opportunity to complete the corresponding certifications for the trainings.
After the first training phase, you will enter the so-called team phase, where the focus is on the topics DataLake, Data Vault 2.0 in the project, and Reporting & Dashboarding. For each area, you will work together with other trainees on projects based on theory and present your results at a project closing.
Upon successful completion of your traineeship, you will receive a certificate from our internal Corporate Scalefree Academy as well as the opportunity for further employment at Scalefree International as a working student, intern, or consultant, depending on where you are in your study career.

Your profile

Ongoing studies in business informatics, computer science or a comparable course of study
Basics in databases and SQL knowledge
First experiences with an object-oriented programming language, e.g. Python, Java or JavaScript
Basics in one of the following areas should be available: Data Warehousing, Data Analytics, Data Science or Business Intelligence
Good English and German language skills desired

Why us?

Enormous personal development opportunities within a very short period of time with the possible option to join the company at a later date
Certifications and trainings worth several thousand Euros
A team spirit, which is characterized by a collegial cooperation
Modern equipment and a top equipped office at the beautiful Maschsee lake

About us

Scalefree is an IT consulting company focusing on Data Vault 2.0, Big Data technologies, cloud solutions from Microsoft, Snowflake and AWS and source systems such as Salesforce. In addition to strategic consulting, the broad spectrum of consulting services also includes project management and technical implementation. Scalefree is also the leading provider of Data Vault 2.0 trainings.

Diesen Job melden