Data Engineering Intern (all genders)
Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany
Darmstadt
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Work Your Magic with us!

Ready to explore, break barriers, and discover more? We know you've got big plans - so do we! Our colleagues across the globe love innovating with science and technology to enrich people's lives with our solutions in Healthcare, Life Science, and Electronics. Together, we dream big and are passionate about caring for our rich mix of people, customers, patients, and planet. That's why we are always looking for curious minds that see themselves imagining the unimaginable with us.

Everything we do in Electronics is to help us deliver on our purpose of being the company behind the companies, advancing digital living. We are dedicated to being the trusted supplier of high-tech materials, services and specialty chemicals for the electronics, automotive and cosmetics industries. We foster a global collaborative organization made up of individuals who have the passion to win, obsess about the customer, are relentlessly curious and act with urgency. Together, we push the boundaries of science to make more possible for our customers.

Your role:

You will be part of the Digital Solutions Data Automation Team in the Electronics business sector. We are responsible for bringing digital transformation by capturing opportunities across our value chain while increasing data-centric and agile decision making. We are looking for competencies to solve these problems using a combination of data analytics and data engineering with the aim of digitalization towards Industry 4.0. As part of the Supply Chain Intelligence division, we work on supporting the supply chain planners in their decision-making processes and enhance the companies' capabilities with advanced analytics and simulation.

As a student (m/f/d), you are expected to support our team with your data engineering and problem-solving capabilities. This includes tasks such as data cleaning and pre-processing, pipeline development and optimization, application development, mapping business processes digitally, applying statistical analysis, and coordinating between process and data experts. Moreover, you help our internal and external customers to understand and implement the results.

We are looking for a 6-month internship based at our Darmstadt site.

Who you are:



Background in Engineering, Statistics, Data Science, or Computer Science disciplines.

Prior experience in GUI design, dashboard development, analytics, and reporting in Tableau or similar.

Highly proficient in programming, applied data engineering, and performance optimization using Python, Spark, SQL, APIs, etc. Prior experience using Palantir Foundry platform highly preferred.

Strong communication skills; comfortable presenting results to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Business-fluent English & German language proficiency required.

What we offer: We are curious minds that come from a broad range of backgrounds, perspectives, and life experiences. We celebrate all dimensions of diversity and believe that it drives excellence and innovation, strengthening our ability to lead in science and technology. We are committed to creating access and opportunities for all to develop and grow at your own pace. Join us in building a culture of inclusion and belonging that impacts millions and empowers everyone to work their magic and champion human progress!

Apply now and become a part of our diverse team!
Diesen Job melden