Master/Bachelor thesis or Internship: Domain Adaptation Lidar (m/f/d)
AVL
Regensburg
Vollzeit, Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Praktikum

ADAS - Master/Bachelor thesis or Internship: Domain Adaptation Lidar (m/f/d)




YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES:




Description:

In the area of autonomous driving, object detection is one of the primary and essential tasks. Currently Network trained on one camera data could easily adapt to different vendor camera. We at AVL are working to replicate the same with Lidar data. The approach includes transfer learning or general intermediate representation to close the gap between two Lidar data. The difference among these sensors could be in terms of number of channels, max. range, angular resolution and mounting position.




Master/Bachelor thesis: 3 months of research and initial setup (as a Working student or internship) + 5-6 months of full-time work (Master/Bachelor thesis)




Tasks:

Investigating the state-of-art methods for Lidar PCD abstraction or intermediate representation

Selection of preliminary dataset

Developing an end-to-end pipeline for the model training and evaluation

Ablation study with AVL data

Documentation of the applied concepts and results achieved




YOUR PROFILE:




Studies in the field of Computer Science, Robotics, Information Technology or Automotive

Basic knowledge in the field of AD/ADAS

Basic knowledge of Machine Learning

Good programming knowledge of Python with prior experience with libraries such as numpy, pandas, scipy and matplotlib

First experience with deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch or TensorFlow

First experience with Linux, version control system such as git

English skills

Note: You are encouraged to share your GitHub/HackerRank/LeetCode/Kaggle (also other coding platform) profile, if applicable

Personality is more than anything!




Nice-to-know:

Docker, Mlflow or Tensorboard

Skills for documentation: Latex




WE OFFER:




Be part of our pioneering work– together with our customers we shape the future of mobility!

International and innovative collaboration rings a bell? That’s how we work.

Our technical and personal onboarding concept will help you to hop on easily.

We support lifelong learning: educate yourself, apply your knowledge and get creative.

Mobile working, flex-time and modern workplaces are part of our DNA.

We are deeply rooted in our values: respectful communication, care, openness, passion and trust








AVL Software and Functions GmbH is the center of competence for Powertrain Software- and Function Development, as well as Electronics and Systems integration. Our fields of activity include highly innovative projects in the area of Combustion Engines, E-Mobility and ADAS / AD.




Our vision “Why not – move different!” is challenging us to develop solutions for the future of mobility.

About AVL

AVL is one of the world’s leading mobility technology companies for development, simulation and testing in the automotive industry, and beyond. We provide concepts, solutions and methodologies in fields like vehicle development and integration, e-mobility, automated and connected mobility (ADAS/AD), and software for a greener, safer, better world of mobility.

Find out more: www.avl.com

You are interested in a job at AVL but you are not sure how to apply or want to know what happens after you send your application?

Check out our step-by-step guide

AVL is not just about cars. It's about changing the future. Together.
Location: Regensburg, DE
Company: AVL Software and Functions GmbH
Job Function: ADAS/AD
Contract Type: Temporary
Posting Date: May 23, 2023
Job ID: 35529
About AVL

AVL is one of the world’s leading mobility technology companies for development, simulation and testing in the automotive industry, and beyond. We provide concepts, solutions and methodologies in fields like vehicle development and integration, e-mobility, automated and connected mobility (ADAS/AD), and software for a greener, safer, better world of mobility.

Find out more: www.avl.com





Job Segment: Intern, Computer Science, Linux, Entry Level, Technology, Automotive, Research

Diesen Job melden