Senior Data Engineer (f/m/d)
VR Smart Guide GmbH
Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
About us

We are VR Smart Guide - we enable entrepreneurs and self-employed professionals to follow their real passion by taking the administrative and bureaucratic workload from them. From writing invoices to tax reports, with our digital solution, built by a multidisciplinary, heterogeneous team with a lot of passion and drive, we make a difference on how small businesses operate.

Our headquarter is located close to Frankfurt, but we live a hybrid working culture with strong remote structures.

Summary

As a senior data engineer, you will ensure the quality and reliability of the data pipelines supporting to disrupt the credit scoring process for medium-small enterprises backed by one of the most trustworthy banking groups in Germany, the DZ BANK Gruppe.

You will work on the Data Platform team with data scientists as the main stakeholder; be supported by data platform engineers to design and implement scalable data pipelines that can handle large volumes of data from multiple sources. You will also be responsible for maintaining and optimising the performance of these pipelines, as well as implementing data quality checks and safeguards to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the data. In addition to your technical expertise, you will also play a key role in collaborating with stakeholders and partners to understand their data needs and help identify new opportunities for data-driven innovation. This high-impact, high-visibility role requires strong technical skills and the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment.

Your role and contribution

Design and implement scalable data pipelines to handle large volumes of data from multiple sources

Maintain and optimise the performance of data pipelines

Implement data quality checks and safeguards to ensure the accuracy and integrity of data

Collaborate with stakeholders and partners to understand their data needs and identify new opportunities for data-driven innovation

Provide key support to the data scientists to implementing the data strategy

Support data analytics providing and maintaining data structures

Demonstrate strong technical skills and the ability to drive results in a high-impact, high-visibility role

Serve as a mentor and go-to person when data engineering insights are necessary

To be successful, you need to

Stay up-to-date on the latest developments and best-practices in data engineering to support the requirements of the data scientists

Proactively seek out new technologies and techniques to improve the performance and reliability of your data pipelines and provide insights to support complex data models

Own the data quality and the efficiency of the data pipelines

Collaborate effectively with team members and stakeholders to ensure that your work aligns with business goals and objectives

Enable the data platform team with a solution-driven approach

Take into consideration the time-sensitive nature of credit processing to provide high-performance solutions

Your profile

A Bachelor's or Master's degree in a technical field such as Computer Science, Data Science, or Engineering or relevant proven experience

At least 5 years of experience in data engineering and data management, including experience with big data technologies and complex data pipelines

Proficiency in programming languages such as Python or Go for data pipeline automation

Experience with data quality checks and safeguards to ensure the accuracy and integrity of data

Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences

Proven track record of delivering results in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment

Experience in the credit scoring or financial services industry is a plus, but not required

Our benefits

Your development - your plan. With us, you not only have a steep learning curve, and regular role development meetings, but we also support you with an educational budget for your personal and professional development

A hybrid office model. For us, both remote work and office hours are part of a good team atmosphere

30 vacation days, plus on Christmas and New Year’s Eve

About us

We are VR Smart Guide - we enable entrepreneurs and self-employed professionals to follow their real passion by taking the administrative and bureaucratic workload from them. From writing invoices to tax reports, with our digital solution, built by a multidisciplinary, heterogeneous team with a lot of passion and drive, we make a difference on how small businesses operate.

What problem do we want to solve?

For many entrepreneurs and self-employed people, accounting, bills and finances are a necessary evil.

It costs a lot of time and nerves, you need the necessary background knowledge and above all, it is not what you really want to focus on, growing your business.

The dilemma: As an entrepreneur, however, you have to write invoices in order to earn money. At the same time, most solutions are complex because they are designed for the needs of larger companies.

The innovation

We combine the topics of invoices and receipts, multi-banking and preparatory bookkeeping into a guided process for the customer. We summarize relevant information in the form of recommendations. Thus, the entrepreneur has a holistic view of their finances.

This is us: Team VR Smart Guide

Behind the VRSG is a multidisciplinary, heterogeneous team that, with a lot of passion and drive, does everything it can every day to solve real everyday problems for small companies and the self-employed. The feeling of actually being able to make a difference contributes a lot to the special team spirit in the VRSG.

For us, it goes without saying that we support each other in our personal development in order to be successful together as a team.

We don't always have to be in one place for this, but our office is the central meeting place where innovation and something special happens.

We are looking for you!

Would you like to strengthen our team?

Diesen Job melden