Engineering Lead for Connected Radio (all genders) - Berlin
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Engineering Lead for Connected Radio (all genders) - Berlin
MBition GmbH - 10587 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Aufgaben

About us



At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.






Main Responsibilities



You will hire the best fitting candidates and build up a collaborative team, with an agile mindset

You will help the team by providing all resources to achieve a topic's goals in time and quality

Identify, contract, and manage external suppliers and engineering services

Accountable to procure and provide needed material to the development team

Deep understanding regarding software development best practices and open to roll the sleeves to help the engineer’s if needed

Partner with Product Organization to continuously deliver customer value

Mentor Engineer’s in career growth and support them to reach their goals

Resolve conflict within the teams and/or organization

Establish SLO, SLAs and keen on data driven decision making




Qualifikationen

Your Profile

Education:




Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology, or a comparable qualification


Required skills:



Several years of hands-on cloud software development experience (ideally in automotive organization)

Leadership experience in an agile organization

Pronounced team spirit, well-developed teamwork skills and communication

High degree of independence, creativity, ability to cooperate, personal initiative, perseverance, and resilience

Solution and goal-oriented way of working, strong analytical and problem-solving skills

Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization, and multi-tasking skills

Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment

High level of commitment, willingness to learn and quick comprehension

Strong project- and stakeholder management skills

Excellent interpersonal skills


Language:

Proficient English, German is a plus!

Zusätzliche Informationen

Why us?



An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG

Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MB.OS) and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software

Agile working methods and open feedback culture

Flexible working hours

Mobility, Healthcare budget & Personal development budget

Berlin transportation ticket (BVG)

Relocation support

Company pension after the probation period

In our close collaboration with “inklupreneur.de” we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone.


Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:




Job title and reference number

Salary expectations

Earliest start date


You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!
You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.About us

Diesen Job melden