Master Thesis (d/f/m) Performance Evaluation of a 6G UAM Connected Sensor Fusion System
Airbus
82024 Ottobrunn
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Job Description:

In order to support the Central Research & Technology department, Airbus is looking for a

Master Thesis on Performance Evaluation of a 6G UAM Connected Sensor Fusion System (d/f/m)

Are you looking for a master thesis and want to get to know the work of a researcher at Airbus? Then apply now! We look forward to you supporting us in the Central Research & Technology department!

Location: Taufkirchen / Ottobrunn
Start: 01.10.2023
Duration: 5-6 months

We at Airbus Central Research & Technology pioneer cutting edge technologies for future airborne and spaceborne systems, providing novel functionalities whilst reducing the environmental footprint of Airbus products and services. You will join the team of our researchers working on connected sensor fusion systems in an urban air mobility (UAM) setup using a 6G communication system. With your contribution you will make an impact on the exploration and prototyping of cutting-edge technology for Airbus.

Your location

Our site is just a stone's throw away from Munich, the beautiful capital of Bavaria. Are you into sports and other outdoor activities? The Alps and Lake Starnberg are within an hour’s reach, offering a multitude of recreational options.

Your benefits

Attractive salary and work-life balance with a 35-hour week (flexitime).

A final thesis is possible after consultation with the department.

Mobile working after agreement with the department.

Traveling overseas or within Germany (team events) is possible after consultation and agreement from the department.

International environment with the opportunity to network globally.

Work with modern/diversified technologies.

At Airbus, we see you as a valuable team member and you are not hired to brew coffee, instead you are in close contact with the interfaces and are part of our weekly team meetings.

Opportunity to participate in the Generation Airbus Community to expand your own network.

Your tasks and responsibilities

Investigating and prototyping a connected sensor fusion system

Evaluating the performance of different IoT protocols in a cellular 6G system

Assessing the impact of network performance (delay, packet loss) on the accuracy of the fusion data

Performing hands-on implementations and conceptual work equally

Desired skills and qualifications

You are an enrolled full time master student (d/f/m) in electrical engineering, communications engineering or computer science

Knowledge & experience with network protocols

Good programing skills in C++ or Python

Mathematical skills to perform statistical evaluation

Experience with Linux systems, Matlab and IoT protocols is a plus

You enjoy working in a international environment with colleagues of different culture and background

Fluent in English or German

Please upload the following documents: cover letter, CV, relevant transcripts, enrollment certificate.

Not a 100% match? No worries! Airbus supports your personal growth.

Take your career to a new level and apply online now!

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company:

Airbus Defence and Space GmbH

Contract Type:

Final-year Thesis

-

Experience Level:

Student

Job Family:

Elec.Electron.&Electromag,Optics&Optron. <JF-EN-ED>

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.
Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com .

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.

Diesen Job melden