Diese Stellenanzeige ist auf Indeed abgelaufen
Mögliche Gründe: Der Arbeitgeber akzeptiert keine Bewerbungen, ist nicht aktiv auf der Suche nach neuen Mitarbeitern oder prüft derzeit die eingegangen Bewerbungen
Senior Vue Developer - 100% Remote Possible - Innovative Work Culture
ZAUBAR
Home Office
ZAUBAR, a Berlin, Germany, based start-up in the field of Augmented Reality (time travel, actually) is looking for an experienced Javascript/Next.js developer to join our team.

If you are searching for a cutting-edge area to apply your JS skills in, why not give AR a chance?

With WebAR technologies becoming more and more capable, we want to start developing for the web now, to be prepared when full Augmented Reality experiences can make the jump from phones to browsers.

We are not only looking for a person to implement this transition but also for someone to teach our existing engineers the secrets of the trade, to allow all of us to be able to work on the product, in the future.

What is this product I just mentioned?

Since its inception in late 2019, ZAUBAR has had the vision to establish a CMS & CRM platform for city tours, allowing Creators to replace what still boils down to printed pictures held up in front of participants.

With ZAUBAR, these pictures are digitized, accurately positioned at their place of origin and visualized in AR.

We found amazing partners over the past years to bring this technology to great use and we want to make it available to as many users as possible.

To support creators monetizing AR tours, ZAUBAR offers and constantly expands concepts such as scavenger hunts, Collectibles, web-based remote creation and vast AI-assisted workflows.

Ideally, our new colleague should bring experience with some or any one of them to know the ins and outs of implementation.

While we already consist of a team spread over Europe and the world, our main office is home to Berlin’s diverse suburb of Schöneberg.

We support, though not require, anyone interested to relocate to Berlin.

Tasks


Creating exceptionally well-functioning front-end interfaces that are stunningly beautiful.
Contributing to the development of the user interface of our web-based applications. This usually means working with mapping engines, as well as integrating data from our CMS via APIs.
Compilation and refinement of specifications and technical requirements based on the needs of the project, in collaboration with the team
Testing the web applications in the most common combination of operating systems and browsers.
Setting up the collection of user events to understand the usage of the deployed services
Configuring the web applications for deployment both to staging and production environments, and keeping the internal documentation up-to-date with these configurations.
Collaboration with designers to realize visual design intent also by exploring emerging technologies and industry trends and integrating them into the company's activities.
Requirements


4+ years of experience working with Javascript
Experience in developing JavaScript-based web applications with Vue/Nuxt.js framework. At least one published, still available Nuxt.js project.
Knowledge of isomorphic web applications
Good knowledge of HTML5 and the semantics of its elements
Experience with integrating Authentication protocols with the apps, preferably Web3Auth, but experience with other providers like open-auth or auth0 is also acceptable.
Extensive knowledge of CSS3 and its different layout models
Passion for design, UX and usability
Focus on detail, not just for pixel-perfect web designs, but also for cross-browser compatibility and optimum rendering performance
Effective interpersonal, communication, and collaboration skills. You enjoy teaching web technologies to a bunch of Unity developers.
Nice-to-haves include:

A master’s degree in Computer Science or similar
Experience with Three.js. We are building apps with cool, interactable 3D objects, with engaging animations.
Experience working with SVG and Canvas elements
Familiarity with TypeScript
Experience with server-side JavaScript running on Node.js (e.g. designing and implementing APIs, developing algorithms, accessing back-end services and databases).
Experience with the Google Maps WebGL API
Experience with Web3 APIs, e.g. Moralis or Web3Auth
Please submit a portfolio of hosted Javascript and Next.js projects.
Diesen Job melden