Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d)
Siemens
81739 München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Video: MEET US in 2 Minutes!


Let's make the difference together!


We offer a role with responsibility, independence, and the possibility to contribute proactively. We foster a teamwork culture with room for individual development.


Join our team as “Senior Software Engineer (m/f/d)” in Munich or remotely anywhere in Germany.


Your area of responsibility - exciting and with a view into the future

As a Senior Software Engineer, you will act as a liaison between engineers in the software development team and product owners to directly design and engineer significant areas of the software and ensure our technical deliverables meet customer expectations.
You can and shall take responsibility for your projects beyond just developing software. You can and shall – together with your colleagues – improve our processes and provide guidance to our junior developers increasing their knowledge to make them an efficient part of the team.
You will be accountable for the software deliverables to meet all requirements of quality, scalability, modifiability, extensibility, testability etc. You will help establish effective and agile engineering practices across our engineering team.


Your qualifications - validated and adequate

You are a Developer because this is what you love. We will tackle projects that improve your skillset.
Proven track record of architecting and engineering commercial applications and services.
Proficiency in C++ backed by solid computer science fundamentals.
Team player who likes to share his/her knowledge and sees success as a team effort.
Strong understanding of object-oriented programming and architectural design patterns.
Deep understanding of data structures, algorithms, and complexities.
Knowledge of Verilog and/or VHDL is a plus
Knowledge in Logic Synthesis is a plus.


What more do I need to know?


Siemens EDA is one of the top tier suppliers in the Electronic Design Automation industry and part of Siemens DI. As a technology leader, the company offers innovative solutions for electronic hardware and software design.


Siemens Digital Industries (DI) is an innovation leader in automation and digitalization. Closely collaborating with partners and customers, we drive the digital transformation in the process and discrete industries. With our Digital Enterprise portfolio, we provide companies of all sizes with an end-to-end set of products, solutions and services to integrate and digitalize the entire value chain. Optimized for the specific needs of each industry, our outstanding portfolio supports customers to achieve greater efficiency and flexibility. We are constantly adding innovations to its portfolio to integrate groundbreaking future technologies. We have our global headquarters in Nuremberg, Germany, and have around 75,000 employees internationally.


We'd love to hear from you, so apply now on siemens.com!


We look forward to your application! Please use only our career platform, which you can access via "Apply now".


Send us an email to careers-DACH.sisw@siemens.com, if you would like to clarify initial questions with our recruiting team. Contact person for this job advertisement is Ms Jaclyn Krieger.


Come and learn more about Siemens Software: Mission / Vision and our software portfolio - or visit our homepage.


We value equal opportunities and welcome applications from people with disabilities. At Siemens, we believe people who’ve had real experiences dealing with being different will excel as leaders. Let's foster a culture of creativity and innovation. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.


#LI-JK1

#LI-EDA

#LI-Hybrid

#DISW

Diesen Job melden