Data Engineer (d/f/m)
sonnen GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
Standort: Berlin, BE, DE Wildpoldsried, BY, DE DE
Stellen-ID: 4085
At the earliest date possible we are looking for support for our #teamsonnen

Clean and affordable energy for all is one of the greatest challenges of our time. Sonnen has been committed to this mission since 2010 and is now represented in Europe, the USA and Australia with over 1,000 team members globally. In Germany, our offices are located in the beautiful Wildpoldsried (Allgäu) and the vibrating heart of Berlin Kreuzberg.

At sonnen, we are building the energy system of the future. To this end, we are developing new technologies and business models that have not existed before. Whether intelligent power storage, virtual power plants or digital services - we set the trends of a new energy world. That means, among other things, the inexpensive production and storage of renewable energy and the intelligent networking of producers and consumers. sonnen thereby gives people around the world the opportunity to become independent of fossil fuels and conventional energy supplier.

We are growing steadily and are looking for people who want to join us in our vision of clean and affordable energy for all while making a positive impact on climate change.

As one of the fastest growing German technology companies and one of the world's largest manufacturers of intelligent battery storage, you will find yourself working in a dynamic and innovative environment.

With completely new energy services, such as our networked sonnenCommunity or our virtual powerplant, we are already showing how a clean and affordable energy future looks like. As a young company, sonnen has already received numerous international awards for its rapid growth and innovative strength.

We are seeking for a Data Engineer who will be part of sonnen‘s global Data & Insights unit. You will join a cross-functional team of data scientists, data engineers, and BI developers who empower sonnen’s business with data-driven insights, services and products.




About the Role:




In this role you will enable our Business Intelligence and Data Science teams by maintaining and enhancing sonnen’s AWS-based analytics platform and by provisioning data from various sources from within and outside the company. It is a permanent, full-time position – preferably in Berlin or Wildpoldsried.

We’re looking for someone who shares our values, who isn’t afraid to challenge existing processes, and who would like to work on innovative solutions in a fast-moving environment. If this sounds like you, then don’t hesitate to get in touch.




Your responsibilities:




You design and build scalable data pipelines, ETL processes, and data lake and data warehousing solutions to support our analytics solutions.

You develop and maintain data integration processes with a variety of structured and unstructured data sources.

You implement, test, and maintain infrastructural components of sonnen’s analytics platform and deploy and maintain data models.

You implement data quality checks and monitoring mechanisms to ensure accuracy, completeness, and consistency of data.

You collaborate with data analysts and data scientists to understand their data requirements and support their analysis and modeling needs.

You adhere to stringent quality assurance and documentation standards using version control and code repositories (e.g., Gitlab).

You stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in data engineering, and assess their potential applications to our business needs.




Your profile:

You hold a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field

You have 3+ years of relevant employment experience (Data Scientist, Engineer or Architect)

You know your way around Big Data technologies such as Hadoop/Hive/Spark

You have experience with data architecture and warehousing solutions (e.g. AWS Redshift, Databricks)

You have good knowledge of Python, SQL, NoSQL, CI/CD

You are fluent in English. German in a plus.

What you can expect at sonnen:
An atmosphere of openness, tolerance and mutual respect, where innovation is expected and encouraged
The option of working full- or part-time for every position
30-32 days annual vacation with increasing team membership
Leasing of company (e-)bikes with up to 40% discount
Flexible working hours and option working mobile
Mental health and wellbeing offering for you and your family members
Free German, English as well as online yoga and body art courses
Soft drinks, fruits and cereals in our offices
Use of sports memberships (EGYM Wellpass, only €29.75/month) and discounts for other services and products
Employee discount on our electricity tariff
Regular team and company events
We love dogs! You too? Feel free to bring your fellow friend to our offices



You feel we are a match? Apply now and help us to shape the energy transition together. We look forward to welcoming you to #teamsonnen!

sonnen - energy is yours!





Stellensegment: Database, Quality Assurance, Business Intelligence, Computer Science, Data Warehouse, Technology

Diesen Job melden