Business Analyst (m/f/x)
FTI Touristik GmbH
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

FTI Touristik GmbH is the third largest tour operator in Germany and Europe. We offer the full range of tours and travel modules - for every requirement and to 120 destinations around the world. We pursue our ambitious goals with great enthusiasm and attach great importance to an attractive working environment, a very good working climate and individual development opportunities for each individual.

Aufgaben / Tasks
You collaborate closely with team members, but also across teams in Digital B2C and if required with stakeholders from other corporate functions (e.g. Controlling or BI)
You provide quantitative and qualitative analyses to enable data-driven decisions covering a wide range of topics such as commercial, product, portal or booking funnel performance
You are responsible for the further development of processes and tools that are used within the team
You conduct operative tasks facilitating day-to-day business (e.g. monthly closing, budget and forecasting process etc.)
Profil / Qualifikation
You bring a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree or equivalent from renowned university or university of applied science in business, engineering, science or comparable subject with quantitative profile
You have a proven academic track record
You did an internship or you have up to 2 years of work experience in consulting, finance, corporate functions such as controlling, in-house consulting or comparable with quantitative profile, start-up or 2-3 years FTI in-house equivalent
You have strong conceptual skills, abstract thinking and strong quantitative skills
You can profitiently apply the core MS-Office applications (primarily Excel and PowerPoint)
A proven track-record of strong career progression in-house or outside may supersede the requirement of a Master’s degree

Our benefits for you:

Vacation: Enjoy 30 days per year (plus 12/24 and 12/31).
Travel Discounts: Enjoy great travel discounts for you and one companion. In addition, your family and friends can participate in the Family and Friends Club and enjoy discounted travel rates.
Travel: Take advantage of a monthly travel allowance or, alternatively, the option of a free underground parking space*.
Retirement provision: Not an exciting topic? But very important, that's why we subsidize your company pension plan or your Vermögenswirksame Leistungen (capital-forming benefits)
Catering: Let us spoil you with culinary delights in one of the best employee restaurants (Kairaba Lounge - Munich) at reduced prices all day long. In addition, tea kitchens including water dispensers and refrigerators are available to you.
Further education: Educate and develop yourself at our FTI Campus on a regular and individual basis.
Health: Your health is close to our hearts, which is why we offer you various health management benefits (e.g. free travel health insurance, height-adjustable desks, etc.).
Benefits: You can also benefit from attractive offers and discounts from our cooperation partners.
Location: Work at a central location in an open and modern environment
Environment: operate in an exciting and international industry with a "you" culture
Mobile working: We offer you the opportunity to work part of your working hours mobile throughout Germany and even up to 50 days per year from other European countries (incl. EEA, CH & GB) **.


According to availability

**depending on the Job


Are you curious? We look forward to receiving your meaningful application via our online application form (including earliest possible starting date and salary requirements).

Diesen Job melden