Business Intelligence Analyst in Healthcare (m/f/d)
iATROS - Digital Heart Center
München
Schnellbewerbung
We are seeking a talented Business Intelligence Analyst (m/f/d) to join our team in the healthcare industry. As the primary person responsible for data insights within the company, your responsibility will be to design and deliver insights, analysis, and reports to support decision-making across various internal departments and for external partners. Furthermore, you will be responsible for conducting scientific analysis of health data, representing statistics in cross-functional project and study teams, and providing statistical input into clinical development plans, clinical study protocols, clinical study reports, regulatory submission documents, and publications ensuring accurate deliverables.

Tasks

You will...


conduct scientific analysis of health data for publications in peer-reviewed journals or other scientific outlets.
provide statistical input into clinical development plans, clinical study protocols, clinical study reports, regulatory submission documents, and publications ensuring accurate deliverables.
perform sample size calculations and develop statistical analysis plans.
design and deliver business intelligence insights for different departments in the company and external partners.
generate reports and analyses for strategic decision-making for top management.
provide insights into the effectiveness of patient treatment strategies, track and support the evaluation of the success of commercial initiatives and prepare data reports for billing.
Requirements

If you have...


high proficiency in statistics or biostatistics
high proficiency in SQL, R or Python
experience with statistic and/or data visualization tools, such as Google Datastudio, Tableau, SPSS or PowerBI
a background in medical informatics, bioinformatics, computer science, mathematics, psychology or preferred in natural sciences
previously worked with healthcare data standards and coding systems (e.g., FHIR, LOINC, and SNOMED)
experience with leading cloud platforms, such as AWS, Google Cloud or IBM Cloud
strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams
a proven track of record of delivering business intelligence insights that drive decision-making
proficiency in English at business level, proficiency in German beneficial
... then we should get to know each other!

Benefits

You will get from us...


a dynamic work environment with opportunities for growth and professional development
a good reachable office in the heart of Munich
the flexibility to work from home
an additional holiday, if Christmas and New Years Eve is on a weekday
regular teamevents
free choice regarding your work equipment (Apple or Lenovo)
Does this sound good? Then please apply now! We look forward to getting to know you!
Diesen Job melden