Customer Success Manager - Test IO (m/f/d)
EPAM Systems
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Be a part of EPAM’s fast-growing crowd testing business unit – test IO.

Test IO stands for Continuous Testing in the agile development process. This form of software testing combines automated testing with real people testing with real devices under real-world conditions.

With its test management system as 100% Software-as-a-Service, test.IO offers development-accompanying support throughout the project. The service enables a functional review of all types of software in real time.

Through the platform, users can set up explorative and test case-based software testing for their app or website in minutes. In addition, they receive valuable feedback on usability. The high number of international testers of the Profi Crowd guarantees a complete coverage of required end devices in all common versions. Testing has already been used a hundred times successfully by customers such as Verivox, AIDA, Europcar, BASF, Joyn, H-Hotels, HSE and Soundcloud.

DESCRIPTION

Epam is looking to hire an ambitious and motivated Customer Success Manager with a passion for technology and customer service and QA experiences. Customer Success Managers at test IO use a range of skills - delivery, testing and project management among them - but most of all you will be the most important point of contact between the customer and test IO.

You own “a customer is king” mentality and work meticulously, purposefully, analytically and recognize the individual needs of the customer.
Hone your client-facing skills and add this experience to your resume as you grow within EPAM.

WHAT YOU’LL DO
You proactively look after our existing customers. This includes above all the potential analysis for the expansion of the customer relationship
Your responsibility lies in the care and advice of our customers, in which you accompany him throughout the customer life cycle. This includes, among others
Onboarding of new customers and development of a test strategy with the aim to lead the customer into a healthy test rhythm
Imparting the added value of our products
Coordinate crowd tests of clients and make sure they run smoothly
Consulting, preparation, implementation, and reporting of test results
Creation and coordination of a test strategy, as well as test planning, test rhythm and test focus
Analysis of the tests and presentation of the results as part of a business review with the customer
Carrying out customer feedback processes and ensuring customer satisfaction
Development and documentation of best practice processes
Identification of cross and upselling opportunities
Conduct renewal contract negotiations
Implementation of product presentations and trainings at the customer's site or via screen sharing
Communication with team leaders from the tester community
CRM and customer data maintenance

WHAT YOU HAVE
Completed education or degree in computer science, business administration communications or media studies
Experience in the online industry, a company from the SaaS, IT, cloud computing, e-commerce, agency, or other technology sector
Experiences as Customer Success Manager, Account Manager or QA Manager
Technical process understanding, experience in consulting is desirable
Strategic approach to problems and cross-functional action
Customer- and result-oriented thinking and acting
Fast comprehension and strong communication skills communication in English as well as another European language is a must (strong plus for French, Spanish or German skills)
Your strengths include a high level of drive, dedication, initiative, openness, and resilience. You organize your daily workflow independently and conscientiously. You work diligently and Team Play is a matter of course for you

WE OFFER
EPAM Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
30 days holiday per annum
Company Pension Scheme
Competitive compensation depending on experience and skills
Regular performance assessments
Opportunities for personal and professional growth
Unlimited access to LinkedIn learning solutions
Friendly and enjoyable working team
Relocation package support
Regular corporate and social events
Flexible and remote working opportunities
All benefits and perks are subject to specific eligibility requirements

ABOUT EPAM
EPAM is a leading global provider of digital platform engineering and development services. We are committed to having a positive impact on our customers, our employees, and our communities. We embrace a dynamic and inclusive culture. Here you will collaborate with multi-national teams, contribute to a myriad of innovative projects that deliver the most creative and cutting-edge solutions, and have an opportunity to continuously learn and grow. No matter where you are located, you will join a dedicated, creative, and diverse community that will help you discover your fullest potential

WHY JOIN EPAM
Work across markets and verticals and gain exposure to a great variety of projects and cutting-edge technologies
Become part of a global community of 59.000+ well-connected experts across 50+ countries: enjoy a career without borders within an international environment and relocation opportunities
Carve your career path: as the Fastest-Growing IT Services Company in the Fortune 100 List, EPAM is committed to help you discover your fullest potential by creating career plans that best suit you and your future plans
EPAM Germany was named a Top Company 2022 & 2023 by Kununu for its people centric culture built on life-long learning
Diesen Job melden