Quantitative Analyst
TrailStone Group
Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Berlin | Full-Time Role

About the role

We are looking for a Quantitative Analysts to join our growing Berlin office to play a central role in our mission of making sustainable energy sustainable. As a Quantitative Analyst, you will engage in predictive and stochastic modelling and data-driven trading research as part of a multi-disciplinary team of quants, developers, traders, fundamental power analysts, and meteorologists engaged in the expansion of our renewable energy asset management business.

This will be a full-time role, owning the following responsibilities:

Responsibilities

Develop and improve systematic strategies for trading renewable energy by following a disciplined scientific process
Leverage and synthesize subject matter expertise within technical and commercial teams to drive continuous improvement and algorithmic trading research
Implement and enhance models relating to predication, optimization, and uncertainty quantification in the energy sector
Contribute to software automating research and trading workflows



About You

This person will be developing and improving systematic strategies for trading renewable energy and must have strong quantitative and python abilities. In addition, we are looking for somebody with the following:

Essential Qualifications

Strong quantitative and analytical abilities
Clear communication, excellent interpersonal skills, and a strong team orientation
Proficiency with Python for general computer programming and quantitative analysis
Distinction in a degree in a quantitative field (e.g. Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Economics).
Highly motivated, detail-oriented, and driven to deliver high-quality work products under deadlines

Advantageous Qualifications

Academic or industry experience analyzing power or other energy markets
Experience with software engineering best practices, e.g. version control, code review, unit/integration testing, and continuous integration and deployment
Experience with additional scientific and mathematical programming languages
Demonstrable interest in developing a career in energy trading, renewables, or quantitative finance

About Trailstone

Trailstone is a global energy and technology company, operating at the intersection of renewable and conventional power. We trade energy in global markets, and we provide a best-in-class service to manage the inherent intermittency of renewable power generation across the short, medium and long term.

As an energy trader, we buy and sell electricity and gas which is physically delivered on the grids, and we leverage our physical market knowledge to trade financial commodities.

As a provider of renewable energy management services, we take on the complexity of managing renewable power across different countries so that our customers can focus on their core mission of investment and growth. Trailstone offers an efficient, fully automated front-to-back renewable power management platform underpinned by our long-standing market experience, proprietary technology, data analytics and meteorology.




We're different, and we like it that way!

Here at Trailstone, we value our differences. In fact, our success depends upon them.

Differences in backgrounds, identities and experiences lead to differing views of the world. Different world views lead to healthy differences in opinions. Different opinions are essential to creating a robust marketplace of ideas. And it is our ideas that will make Trailstone a market leader in energy innovation and disruption!

By our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce, Trailstone is creating value for our employees, our investors, and our communities.

So regardless of your gender, race, ethnicity, orientation, physical limitations, how you identify, how you pray, who you love, where you went to school, who you consider family, or how old you are… you can belong here!

Diesen Job melden