Discover Trainee (m/f/d) Big Data / Data Science 1
Vodafone
(gehört zu Verizon)
Düsseldorf
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Discover Trainee (m/f/d) Big Data / Data Science, Start 01.02.2023


At Vodafone, we’re working hard to build a better future. A more connected, more inclusive, a more sustainable world. We believe technology is only as powerful as the people using it to create a better tomorrow. Become a part and help us to create the world of tomorrow.


What you’ll be doing:
You take control over your personal development during the 18 to 24 months’ program, it’s you who plan your own stations in full responsibility. During that time, you will discover areas which work on the construction of Big Data solutions. Also, you create tools for process optimization and data visualization – no matter if Data Mining, Machine Learning or Analytics. Together with modern Data Science you’ll set the foundation for databased business decisions. As a part of agile and cross-functional project teams you’ll deal with questions about a digital future and you’ll improve customer experiences by using Artificial Intelligence and Predictive Analytics. You’ll become a member of our Discover community and benefit from top offers. In that way, you’ll help us shaping a better and digital future and actively create our unique Vodafone Spirit.


What we’re looking for:

You have a university degree with first practical experiences and experiences abroad.*
You are fluent in English and German, C1 according to GER.
You possess strong communicative and analytical skills, combined with curiosity and responsibility.
You are passionate about applications & technologies and have experience with Python and Spark.
You are ready for our Vodafone Spirit, open-minded and ready to face new challenges.
International experience desired

What you’ll get:
You’ll have your own mentor and buddy by your side from day one. During the program you’ll work in different stations, get exciting tasks and you’ll be responsible for your own projects. Ready for a Trainee station abroad? No problem, as we are working together internationally. As part of the trainee-community you’ll actively form your own program and take advantage of experiences from other trainees. You can also organize your working times flexibly. Our health and mindfulness programs offer you a great balance to the working life and as for the rest, we support you in creating an equitable work-life-balance as well. Additionally, you’ll get an attractive salary. What else do you need? There are many additional services out of which you can use the ones needed in your life.


How to apply:
Create a short video (60 - 90 sec.), where you present yourself based on an object of your choice, and upload it on one common video-platform. Also, we need your CV including the link to your video, an overview of your current grades and testimonies of past internships. You find further information for your application on vod.af/Discover.

Diesen Job melden