Student assistant for the programming of laboratory experiments
Max-Planck-Institut zur Erforschung von Gemeinschaftsgütern
53113 Bonn
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
The Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods in Bonn is an international research institute with two departments and several research groups.

The Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods is one of more than 80 institutions of the Max Planck Society. It is an internationally oriented research institute dealing with applied economics and behavioral analysis of law.

To support the work of the research group “Behavioral Law and Economics” we are looking for a

Student assistant for the programming of laboratory experiments

(5 hours per week)

with the starting date as soon as possible.

Your Profile:

Interest in experimental research
Interest in programming using experimental programs (o-Tree)
Programming knowledge (not required but highly desirable)
English profciency
High reliability
O-Tree is Python-based and will give you the opportunity to learn and apply skills that are essential for programming and data science.

The Max Planck Institute for Research on Collective Goods is an equal opportunity employer. Applications from women with the requisite qualifications and interests are particularly welcome. We strive for gender and diversity equality and welcome applications from all backgrounds. The Max Planck Society is also seeking to increase the number of employees with severe disabilities. Applications from such candidates will be given special consideration.

Further information about our team and the institute can be found at

Please apply exclusively online via our sending a short cover letter, your CV and a recent overview of your grades.

Starting with the date of employment, candidates should have residency in Germany and should be enrolled at a German university.

Should you have further questions please feel free to contact Dr. Pascal Langenbach () via email.

Max Planck Institute for Research
on Collective Goods
Kurt-Schumacher-Str. 10
53113 Bonn
Diesen Job melden