Research Assistant / Associate (f/m/d) Create a digital twin of the biotechnological process
RWTH Aachen University
Aachen
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Weitere Informationen

The successful candidate will be employed under a regular employment contract.
The position is to be filled at the earliest possible date and offered for a fixed term of three years.
The fixed-term employment is possible as it constitutes one of the fixed-term options of the Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz (German Act on Fixed-term Scientific Contracts).
This is a full-time position.
The successful candidate has the opportunity to pursue a doctoral degree in this position.
The salary is based on the German public service salary scale (TV-L).
The position corresponds to a pay grade of EG 13 TV-L.

Unser Profil

The chair of Process Systems Engineering (AVT.SVT) is part of Aachener Verfahrenstechnik at RWTH Aachen University, was founded in 2012 and is directed by Prof. Alexander Mitsos, PhD. Our research covers different disciplines by combining methods of classical Engineering, computational science and mathematics. The method oriented research is focused on the evelopment of techniques for mathematical modelling as well as process development and control. Besides that, importance is placed on the systematic integration of experimentation and modelling plus the development of numerical algorithms and software tools. The method oriented emphasis is supplemented by industrial applications of our work.

The project BioIndustry 4.0 brings together EU research infrastructures and innovative companies around an ambitious four-year workplan to provide cutting-edge technologies and developing new services for European research infrastructures.

Ihr Profil

You have received an excellent University degree (Master or equivalent) in computational engineering, mathematics, computer science, chemical/process engineering, energy systems engineering, or a related subject. Strong project management and communication skills are indispensable. Knowledge of German is not required.

Ihre Aufgaben

Industrial Biotechnology will be an essential building block in achieving the EU's goal of becoming climate neutral by 2050. In this project, we enhance industrial biotechnology by digitalization and advanced spectroscopic measurements. You will develop data-driven as well as model-based approaches for measuring real-time data of a biotechnological system with Raman spectroscopy. Furthermore, state-of-the-art modelling and artificial intelligence is to be used to create a digital twin of the biotechnological process that is updated with the measurement data. The goal is to empower novel decision support systems and digital twins to better design bio-processes and enable higher efficiency by online control.

Über uns

RWTH is a certified family-friendly University. We support our employees in maintaining a good work-life balance with a wide range of health, advising, and prevention services, for example university sports. Employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements and civil servants have access to an extensive range of further training courses and the opportunity to purchase a job ticket.
RWTH is an equal opportunities employer. We therefore welcome and encourage applications from all suitably qualified candidates, particularly from groups that are underrepresented at the University. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability or age. RWTH is strongly committed to encouraging women in their careers. Female applicants are given preference if they are equally suitable, competent, and professionally qualified, unless a fellow candidate is favored for a specific reason.
As RWTH is committed to equality of opportunity, we ask you not to include a photo in your application.
You can find information on the personal data we collect from applicants in accordance with Articles 13 and 14 of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) at http://www.rwth-aachen.de/dsgvo-information-bewerbung .

Besoldung / Entgelt

EG 13 TV-L


null
Diesen Job melden