Manager (m/f/d) Global Master Data Strategy
PERI
Ulm
1.864 € pro Monat
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Your responsibilities

Development and implementation of PERI’s global master data strategy
Definition and enforcement of global master data policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines to ensure data quality and consistency across the PERI group
Support of Global Process Owners in the development and implementation of processes and tools to manage master data creation, maintenance, and governance
Cooperation with cross-functional teams to identify, prioritise, and resolve master data issues and discrepancies
Ensurance of the accuracy and completeness of master data through audits and data quality checks
Establishment and management of relationships with key stakeholders, including business leaders, Group IT, and data governance teams
Provide guidance and support to business users on master data management best practices, processes, and tools
Development and maintaince of PERI’s master data roadmap

Your benefits

Remuneration and additional benefits that convince: With us, you can look forward to a pay scale including holiday pay and Christmas bonus. In addition, you can expect a company-sponsored pension scheme, capital-forming benefits and an employee referral programme including a bonus.
Integration of work and life: Wherever possible, we offer mobile working and provide you with the appropriate technical equipment. In addition to flexible working time models and job sharing, our child and holiday care ensures a better work-life balance. 30 days of holiday, an additional day off on Christmas Eve/New Year's Eve and special leave when needed adapt to your life needs.
Safe and healthy: With a secure job in a fast-growing and traditional family-owned company, you can look to the future without worries. You can also benefit from our health promotion (e.g. height-adjustable desks) and company fitness via EGYM with more than 4,500 network partners, bicycle leasing or PERI company sports groups.
Grow beyond yourself: Annual employee appraisals, further training advice and support, exchange and mentoring programmes as well as leadership training support you in your professional development. In our PERI Academy, you can take advantage of a wide range of training opportunities as well as free access to online learning platforms such as LinkedIn Learning and getAbstract.
On site in Weißenhorn: Our location in Weißenhorn not only impresses with good transport connections and free parking, but also with a bistro and an excellent international canteen with special offers including allowances, as well as a fitness room with course offerings.

Your profile

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Management, or related field
Several years of experience in master data management or related field
Strong knowledge of master data management principles, methodologies, and best practices
Experience with master data management tools and technologies
Strong project management skills with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Experience in developing and implementing master data strategies and roadmaps
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and stakeholders

At PERI, we are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where diversity is encouraged and mutual respect is a priority. For this reason, we set a high value on a diverse and equal team composition. We welcome applications regardless of ethnic origin as well as age, gender, religion, ideology, handicap or sexual identity and orientation.

This is a job offer of Peri-Werk Artur Schwörer GmbH & Co. KG




Unternehmensinfo

Mit einem Umsatz von € 1.864 Mio. im Jahr 2022 ist PERI international einer der größten Hersteller und Anbieter von Schalungs- und Gerüstsystemen. Das Familienunternehmen mit Stammsitz in Weißenhorn (Deutschland) bedient mit rund 9.100 Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeitern, über 60 Tochtergesellschaften und deutlich mehr als 160 Lagerstandorten seine Kunden mit innovativen Systemgeräten und umfangreichen Serviceleistungen rund um die Schalungs- und Gerüsttechnik.

Diesen Job melden