Staff Product Manager, Machine Learning and Recommendations
Mozilla
10997 Berlin
80.000 € – 118.000 € pro Jahr
Schnellbewerbung
Staff Product Manager, Machine Learning and Recommendations
Mozilla - 10997 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Hiring Ranges:
€80,000.00 EUR - €118,000.00 EUR



To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this link.

About Mozilla

Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company behind pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser, and Pocket, the content discovery platform. More than 270 million people around the world use its products each month.

About the team and opportunity

Pocket empowers people to discover, organize, consume, and share content that matters to them. Pocket is the best of the web, curated for you, by you.

To deliver high quality and reputable content recommendations to our users, we are building our ML capability to help us deliver better content whilst providing excellent user experience to our discerning customers. We work in collaborative teams, using agile methodologies and have an interactive culture of experimentation and learning.

As the Staff Product Manager for the ML & Recommendations team you will help us shape our vision for delivering personalized content to our users and have impact on the broader Mozilla organization. You will have ownership of the recommender systems we deploy into production and our MLOps. Alongside an Engineering Manager you will work in a team of engineers and Applied ML Engineers with the support of User Research, Analytics, Design and Platform and others. You'll partner strongly with PMs who own product surface experiences to ensure that they are building for ML-powered products. You'll chart a path for Pocket to personalize our strong editorial content in line with our business' priorities.

We are a fully remote organization. The development team is mainly based in West Coast USA but you do not have to be. For now, the role requires you to be available with a 50% overlap with PST.

What you'll do:

Use your insights, ML knowledge and experience to create, maintain and evangelize the roadmap for your area.
Build a comprehensive understanding of user problems and guiding our engineering team in developing principled ML solutions.
Work with other PMs in the ML group to define an exciting and industry leading ML strategy.
Collaborating with other Product Managers and XFN team members to deliver your strategy.
Establish clear success metrics and measuring outcomes to track the effectiveness of your initiatives.
Communicate with stakeholders and teams from across the organization to develop and maintain the product roadmap.
Use agile practices, including augmenting, refining and prioritizing backlogs and verifying sprint deliverables.
Evolve and build an impactful product culture, directly contributing to our product management best practices.

What you'll bring:

We think you'll be a particularly good fit if you're excited by machine learning and are passionate about building that technology responsibly. You're a self-starter who is motivated by seeing the fruits of your ML-labor in production. Still, you wouldn't be adverse to the team publishing an industry paper or two after you've shipped.

5+ years of experience as a product manager of digital products
2+ years of experience developing products in one or more of the following areas:
A heavy ML modeling component
ML-first user experience
ML-Platform
MLOps
Strong analytical ability, both numerical and generally - you can process lots of information and prioritize / analyze it to advise product development.
Excellent communication and leadership skills.
An understanding of ML development best practices.
Appreciation for user privacy, particularly around personalization.
A passion for building ML-powered products with exemplary user experience.
Understanding of sophisticated data management problems, and related machine learning techniques.
Comfort driving complex projects from start-to-finish, with multiple partners from diverse subject areas.
Technical know-how combined with an inherent appreciation of good user experience.
to our values:
Welcoming differences
Being relationship-minded
Practicing responsible participation
Having grit

Bonus Points:

Higher education or equivalent experience in Computer Science or HCI subject areas
Prior experience with Recommender Systems or Search products

Don't tick all of the boxes but think you'd be a great fit? Apply, we'd love to hear from you!

What you'll get:

Generous performance-based bonus plans to all regular employees - we share in our success as one team
Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage
Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)
Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together
Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday
One-time home office stipend
Annual professional development budget
Quarterly well-being stipend
Considerable paid parental leave
Employee referral bonus program
Other benefits (life/AD&D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)

About Mozilla

Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.

Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging

Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company's core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientations, gender identities, and expressions.

We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com to request accommodation.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.

Group: C

#LI-REMOTE

Req ID: R2210

Diesen Job melden