2023 Applied Science Internship - Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Automated Speech Recognition (m/w/d)
Amazon EU SARL(Germany Branch)
Aachen
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
2023 Applied Science Internship - Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Automated Speech Recognition (m/w/d)
Amazon EU SARL(Germany Branch) - Aachen
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Enrolled in a PhD or Master's degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Engineering, Operations Research, Statistics or related fields
Experience in any programming language such as Python, Java, C++, or similar scripting and programming languages
Job summary

Please note we may also have internship opportunities in Austria, France, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Spain, UK

Are you a MS or PhD student interested in a 2023 Internship in the field of Applied Sciences? Do you enjoy diving deep into hard technical problems and coming up with solutions that enable successful products that improve the lives of people in a meaningful way?

We’re on the lookout for the curious, those who think big and want to define the world of tomorrow. At Amazon, you will grow into the high impact, visionary person you know you’re ready to be. Every day will be filled with exciting new challenges, developing new skills, and achieving personal growth. How often can you say that your work changes the world? At Amazon, you’ll say it often. Join us and define tomorrow.

If you’re insatiably curious and always want to learn more, then you’ve come to the right place. Depending on your location, country, job status and other requirements, some or all of the following benefits may be available to you as an intern.


Competitive pay
Impactful project and internship/role deliverables
Hybrid working (team dependent)
Networking opportunities with fellow interns
Internships events such as speaker series, intern panels, Leadership Principles sessions, Amazon writing skills sessions.
Mentorship and career development
If this describes you, come join our research teams at Amazon. We are looking for motivated students with research interests in a variety of domain expertise in applied sciences to build state-of-the-art solutions for never before solved problems.

If you’re successful during your internship, you could be considered for a graduate role after finishing your university studies

Internship start dates vary throughout the year. Internship length can vary between 3 - 6 months for Full Time and 6 - 12 months for Part Time.

Key job responsibilities

Work closely with scientists and engineering teams (position-dependent)
Work on an interdisciplinary team on customer-obsessed research
Design new algorithms, models, or other technical solutions
Experience Amazon's customer-focused culture
Publications at top-tier peer-reviewed conferences or journals.
Experience in design of experiments and statistical analysis
Experience implementing algorithms using toolkits and self-developed code
Experience in solving business problems through machine learning, data mining and statistical algorithms
Familiar with the core undergraduate curriculum of computer science.
Technical fluency; comfort understanding and discussing architectural concepts and algorithms, schedule tradeoffs and new opportunities with technical team members.
Excellent critical thinking skills, combined with the ability to present your beliefs clearly and compellingly in both verbal and written form.
Please note this is not a remote internship opportunity

EU Student Programs Team

Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.

m/w/d
Diesen Job melden