Proteomics data scientist (m/f/d)
Bruker
28359 Bremen
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Überblick:
As one of the world’s leading analytical instrumentation companies, Bruker covers a broad spectrum of advanced solutions in all fields of research and development. All our systems and instruments are designed to improve safety of products, accelerate time-to-market and support industries in successfully enhancing quality of life. We’ve been driving innovation in analytical instrumentation for 60 years now. Today, worldwide more than 7,500 employees are working on this permanent challenge, at over 90 locations on all continents.

To complement our remote team across the globe for Proteomics Bioinformatics, we are looking for a data scientist to assist with both the development and applications of the PaSER software platform. The nature of this role requires that the ideal candidate has an exemplary understanding of data science and computational bioinformatics with direct application in proteomics. This candidate excels working under a collaborative approach both internally within the team as well as externally with key opinion leaders in the field. Furthermore, the candidate will have excellent communication skills to present scientific data to a wide range of audiences. The candidate must interact seamlessly and with a professional demeanor across a broad range of individuals including members of the Senior Management Team. Furthermore, the candidate will be expected to handle highly sensitive and confidential information, intellectual property, and institutional information while exercising professionalism and discretion. Excellent English skills are a must. We offer a diversified job in an interdisciplinary project team with flat hierarchies and short decision processes, and a secure, unlimited employment relationship in an international group with flexible working hours and a wide range of benefits.
Aufgaben/Verantwortlichkeiten:
Responsibilities
Manage data science projects across internal and external stakeholders
Perform large-scale proteomic data analysis on different datasets based on existing software as well as based on in-house scripts
Use and develop prototype code for large-scale data analysis to solve real-world data science problems
Assist in prototyping and testing new algorithms and propose bio-statistical models for algorithm improvement
Benchmarking of various proteomics software solutions
Since your prototype code will be the basis for the product development you are involved in development from conception to deployment
Presenting data to both internal and external stakeholders in the form of presentations, application notes, and journal publications
Willingness to travel (<20%)
Qualifikationen:
Skills and Qualifications (The Ideal Candidate Is/has)
Academic degree in proteomics with a strong emphasis on data analysis
Background in either data science, computational bioinformatics, biostatistics or equivalent
Strong understanding and domain knowledge of proteomics
Experience in the processing of large amounts of complex data and their statistical evaluation, ideally with machine learning methods
Good programming skills with experience in Python (other languages an asset)
Enjoys networking and building collaborations with thought leaders and key customers from industry and Academia
Presentation skills to tell a data story and communicate technical concepts to customers and key opinion leaders
Goal-oriented and have an entrepreneurial mindset
Enjoy working in an interdisciplinary and international team.
Diesen Job melden