Junior Data Management & Reporting Analyst (m/f/d)
TSCNET Services
München
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Abteilung
Service Quality & Agreements
Arbeitszeit
Vollzeit (38 Stunden)
Ort
München
About us

TSCNET Services is a service provider for 16 transmission system operators (TSOs) from 12 European countries. We are one of the leading regional coordination centers (RCCs) in Europe. Our head office is in Munich and we always work with the aim of being a highly efficient service provider for network security analysis and capacity calculations. Our international team consists of people from over 30 countries. We look for knowledge, commitment, openness and creativity and offer an excellent environment for bright minds to do great work.

As soon as possible, we want to cover an open vacancy, for our Munich based office, in full-time (38 hours/week). Therefore, we are looking for a:

Junior Data Management and Reporting Analyst (m/f/d)

We are looking for an ambitious and open-minded expert to support and further strengthen the data-driven solutions with the following key qualifications & characteristics:

ZURÜCK ZU ALLEN STELLEN
APPLY
Your responsibilities
Support and/or deliver new data analyses in the OSIsoft PI system based on the defined uses cases for reports, dashboards and visualisations
Continuous documentation of data management related solutions and processes
Realise new visualisation dashboards and maintain the existing ones
Realise new data interfaces in OSIsoft PI system
Ensure data integrity and consistency by applying automated monitoring solutions
Maintain and develop the OSIsoft PI system’s database structure
Ensure performance, security, and availability of datasets
Respond to ad-hoc analyses requests and reported issues
Support smaller data management related custom solutions in Python and/or VBA
Support the integration of new services and tools in the daily operational business
Your qualifications
Bachelor’s degree (or higher) in Computer Science, Data Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent
1 year of experience or specific education in a Data Analyses or Data Engineering role
Basic knowledge of handling and visualizing large amount of datasets
Basic understanding of modern data base concepts
Basic knowledge of Python, VBA or C#
Knowledge of the OSIsoft PI system is an advantage
Basic knowledge of power systems and related data formats is an advantage
Strong willingness to learn
Good analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English
Our benefits
Attractive compensation
Matching of pension Scheme contributions
Work Life Balance through flexible working hours and hybrid working model
24/7 hotline to secure Mental Health, Bike leasing, unlimited cofee and tea and fresh fruits in our kitchen
Individual training opportunities supporting the professional development programme
Ergonomic workplace design and excellent public transport connection
Company events and much more!



Are you interested?

Join us as we secure Europe's electricity supply and contribute to the energy transition. Take this great opportunity to work in a truly international, dynamic and dedicated team, with the freedom and support you need to not only be effective and innovative, but also to develop and grow personally. We greatly appricate your application! In order to consider your application, we will need a cover letter, your resume, and relevant references (e.g. most recent university transcript and employers' letters of reference).

Your online application

TSCNET Services GmbH
Weihenstephaner Str. 9
81673 München (Munich)
D/Germany




E-Mail: application@tscnet.eu

Diesen Job melden