(Senior) Data Scientist (f/m/d)
Codepan GmbH
10407 Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Who we are

Codepan - founded in 2014 - is a bootstrapped & profitable boutique AI Lab located in the heart of Berlin. We believe in augmenting humans with smart algorithms and look for technologies that co-exist, augment, and enhance, rather than replace, humans.

We are pioneering in building the AI Operating System of the future to enable organizations to build and scale Machine Learning products that work and have a positive impact on people & organizations. Our mission is to transform the way organizations use data and technologies to harness the true potential AI holds.

Tasks

About the role

We seek a curious & results-driven Senior Data Scientist who enjoys hands-on involvement in building products and solutions with a strong focus on business value and impact.

Our tech stack: Python, FastAPI, XGboost, Sklearn, ML-flow, Microsoft Azure

As a part of the team, you will...


partner with a variety of clients across different industry domains
contribute to products in all life cycle stages from inception & design, through tuning, testing, and up to delivery and maturity
analyze and attain a better understanding of client data sets and translate business problems to ML solutions
implement best practices for machine learning models as well as monitor their performance in production
contribute to the innovation processes, best practices, and coding standards of our team
collaborate with the product and engineering teams to balance technical value work with feature work (e.g., refactoring, performance improvements)
Requirements

In terms of skills and experience, you have...


Proficiency in Python
4+ years of working experience with industry data science and machine learning projects
Masters' degree or Ph.D. in computer science, mathematics, statistics, or equivalent experience
Experience using Machine Learning frameworks (Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Transformers, etc.)
Experience in NLP, and ideally Computer Vision, Time Series, etc.
Experience with Machine Learning Deployment & Management Tools (Docker, Kubernetes, Mlflow, etc.) as well as expertise in developing RESTful APIs
Experience working as part of a tech team (Git, etc.) that thrives in a collaborative environment, where team members enjoy bouncing ideas back and forth
Must have: Working Visa for EU, willing to move to Berlin
As a plus, you have...


Experience with Cloud Services and Architectures (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud, etc.)
Experience with Database Management (SQL, Postgres, etc.)
Experience with test-driven development, continuous integration, and deployment techniques, and especially familiarity with developing and maintaining ML algorithms for SaaS products
Benefits

How we work, collaborate, and recharge

We think that collaborating in a diverse & psychologically safe environment is the prerequisite for fruitful and innovative work. We celebrate a culture built on learning, passion as well as trust & integrity. We pride ourselves on working together with industry leaders and experts with whom we create sustainable solutions for people & organizations.

To juggle daily life, we enjoy a flexible hybrid setup with a beautiful waterfront office in a repurposed warehouse in Berlin-Kreuzberg.

Among others, you may also enjoy to


Thrive with free access to Udemy and German language classes
Treat yourself well with our Calm & Urban Sports Club subscription and
Relax with up to 31 days off/vacation
Curious?

Come join us! Julia, our People & Culture Specialist, is looking forward to receiving your application or answering your questions.

If some of the role requirements sound daunting! You shouldn’t be intimidated and we encourage you to apply regardless of whether you check every box. Motivation, passion, and curiosity are just as important.

Everyone is Welcome

At Codepan, we thrive on diversity. Whatever your background, what you look like, where you come from, or where you're going – we’d be glad to have you along for the journey.
Diesen Job melden