Data Scientist (m/f/d) Statistical Forecast
Alfred K채rcher SE & Co. KG
74423 Obersontheim
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

K채rcher is the world's leading provider of cleaning solutions with around 13,000 employees in 70 countries and an innovative product offer for commercial and domestic customers alike. Renowned for our innovation, over 90% of our products have been developed in the past 5 years. We owe this success to our employees, their skills, dedication, ideas and commitment. Constant investment in R&D, quality, marketing and design make us a well-known brand and a most attractive employer to develop your career with. Do you want to be part of our growth story?




Extraordinary tasks require extraordinary people. To strengthen our Supply Chain Planning department at our logistics center in Obersontheim near Schw채bisch Hall, or optionally at our headquarters in Winnenden, we look forward to your committed support.




Your Tasks




In this internationally oriented position, you will be responsible for the monthly preparation of the Statistical Forecast in Supply Chain Planning on a global and centralized basis.
You will be the central point of contact for all inquiries related to the Statistical Forecast.
Furthermore, you will be responsible for the accuracy of the statistical forecast.
In addition, you will actively drive the adoption and use of Statistical Forecast by creating documentation, conducting global training and identifying areas for improvement.
You will optimize the quality of Statistical Forecast through technical measures, e.g. by improving forecasting methods, adjusting parameters, etc.
Finally, you will identify and integrate improvements such as additional features, analysis of sales patterns or external data such as point-of-sale data.





Your qualifications




A degree in Computer Science, Business Informatics, Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent.
Strong work experience in data science, statistics and mathematics, as well as operational experience in demand planning and forecasting in a corporate environment is desirable.
Technical experience in database management (e.g. SQL) and ideally knowledge of planning software (e.g. Kinaxis, APO).
Analytical and data analysis skills.
Fluency in English and basic knowledge of German
Occasional global travel as required
We are looking for a team player with good communication skills, a strong customer focus, a passion for actively driving performance and a strong personal commitment to quality, delivery and improvement.





Our offer for you


A company pension plan or direct insurance that supplements your state pension from your first day of work.
Individual working time arrangements (flexible working hours with the option of working from home).
Up to 32 days of vacation.
Be the difference: As part of our holistic sustainability initiatives such as Zero Emissions and Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, you will be actively involved in shaping the future with us.
Health promotion across the board - from height-adjustable desks to health coaching and mobile massages.
Regional, award-winning cuisine in our staff restaurant.



Interested?


Then please apply via the online career portal or writing to our HR department. We welcome applications from people with disabilities, whose integration is of particular concern to us.

Contact


Your contact person for this position is Juan Sanchez. We will be happy to answer your initial general questions about your application in our Recruiting Center at +49 7195 14 5497. We assure you that your application will be treated confidentially.

Alfred K채rcher SE & Co. KG

Diesen Job melden