AI / Machine Learning Engineer (f/m/d)
wattx
10407 Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Schnellbewerbung
Are you interested in the newest trends of AI and capable of building state-of-the-art machine learning models?

Tasks


Implementing effective and scalable end-to-end machine learning pipeline solutions
Researching and applying emerging ML and AI techniques to new business contexts
Building, maintaining, and scaling-up machine learning models from prototypes into production
Participating in ideation processes for new ML/AI ventures together with founders, venture developers, engineers, and data scientists
Requirements


Data Science and Machine Learning experience with Python, Jupyter Notebooks, numpy/scipy, pandas, scikit-learn and tensorflow/pytorch
In-depth knowledge of AI technologies, including natural language processing (NLP) and computer vision, using traditional techniques as well as deep learning
Strong understanding of data engineering, database management, and cloud infrastructure.
Good working experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Storm, or Flink (including batch and stream processing)
3+ years of experience programming in Python
‍

NICE TO HAVE:

Expertise in different databases, from provision and operation to usage: SQL (preferably Postgres), NoSQL (key/value, wide column, document stores)
Experience with distributed systems
DevOps/MLOps experience with common cloud platforms (AWS or Google Cloud)
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and container orchestration
Benefits

A competitive compensation package, including:

A personal learning budget
An opt-in pension plan
30 vacation days; plus additional bridge days off
Urban Sports Club membership
A hybrid work model with maximum flexibility, including:

The choice where you work 90% of the time
10% of the time reserved for collaborative work as a team
A beautiful office environment designed for you to learn and thrive
Quarterly hackathons
An outstanding team, with:

Ownership over your projects from day one and an empowering working environment
A range of topic experts to support the decision-making process
Colleagues with diverse and highly advanced skill sets
A range of topic experts to support the decision-making process
ABOUT US:
The engineering culture at wattx is shaped around principles of agile software development and user-centric design. We value pragmatism over idealism, simplicity over complexity, and technological agnosticism over fundamentalism, and we are seeking people who share these values. We stay ahead of the curve by using state-of-the-art tools and technologies.

wattx operates within Construction, Manufacturing, and Prop Tech, creating a real impact while focusing on Sustainability. We are a team of engineers, data scientists, product managers, designers, and venture developers. We identify opportunity areas and then conduct research and ideation sessions. Next, we prototype, vet, and develop the solutions that evolve from these sessions and develop them as projects with our parent company Viessmann and other clients from Mittelstand and our broad network of partners.

We screen all applications without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual identity, worldview, or disability. We do not require a photograph to be attached to the CV.
Diesen Job melden