Data Product Developer (f/m/x)
Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG
Stuttgart
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Aufgaben

Becoming part of Mercedes-Benz means finding your individual role and workspace to unleash your talents to the fullest. It means becoming your best self in a global automotive company striving towards sustainable luxury. Empowered by visionary colleagues who share the same pioneering spirit.

Together for excellence.

Mercedes-Benz Mobility at a Glance
With around 10,000 employees, Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG(MBM) specialises in financial and mobility services. The products range from financing, leasing, vehicle subscriptions, rental and fleet management to digital services for charging and payments, as well as insurance and innovative mobility services.

Mercedes-Benz Mobility is a division of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, which also includes the vehicle manufacturer Mercedes-Benz AG, one of the largest suppliers of premium and luxury passenger cars and vans. As a financial services provider, Mercedes-Benz Mobility supports sales of the Mercedes-Benz Group's automotive brands worldwide. In Germany, Mercedes-Benz Bank AG, as part of Mercedes-Benz Mobility AG is one of the leading vehicle financing banks and offers around one million customers financial flexibility as well as deposit business and fixed-interest-rate accounts in the direct banking business.

Flexible mobility offers such as Mercedes-Benz Rent or EQ subscriptions, enable an uncomplicated and flexible entry into e-mobility, complementing the service portfolio. With its subsidiary Athlon, Mercedes-Benz Mobility is present in Europe in operational fleet management and vehicle leasing and is responsible for around 400,000 vehicles.

In addition, Mercedes-Benz Mobility investments in the market for urban mobility services: The joint ventures FREE NOW, SHARE NOW and CHARGE NOW combine solutions for ride-hailing and multi-modal mobility, car sharing and electric vehicle charging. At the same time, the portfolio also includes StarRides – a limousine transport service joint venture in China – and the participation in the Berlin chauffeur service Blacklane.

Mercedes-Benz Mobility lives diversity and inclusion
Diversity and inclusion are not only a concern of ours, we actively shape them. Employees from 100 different nations enrich our culture. Through numerous initiatives, we promote intercultural understanding, respect for one another, openness and willingness to change within the company, as well as non-profit organizations that are committed to this.

We, the Data, Analytics & BI department at MBM, have a clear and ambitious vision: We enable smart and sustainable solutions based on high-quality data and governance expertise to transform data-driven company from buzzword to reality.

The department is part and one of the main drivers of the company-wide digital transformation and is of great importance for numerous cross-organizational projects that have focused on digitizing their business processes and/or setting up fully digitized business models as well as data governance. The department is also home to many BI reporting systems, the HQ data warehouse and smart solutions – like an AI-based forecasting software – that will shape the future of the Finance & Controlling area as well as data office for whole MBM.

Spire, the global data, BI & AI cloud platform, is foundation for various of these initiatives and serves already today multiple customers as a Data Platform as a Service. It is home for all analytical data throughout MBM (e.g. for customer data, sales and marketing data, etc.), but offering services for machine learning applications and their operationalization as well as various BI tools and dashboarding possibilities, too. This goes hand in hand with security on the compliance and information security side that is centrally enabled and governed by the platform team.

We, an agile and skilled team of experts in data, cloud computing and data governance with the vision to enable MBM to bring data to its maximal potential, are seeking a highly motivated Data Product Developer to complete our product team. As a Data Product Developer, you will bring in your strong programming skills to develop best practices in ingesting, transforming and storing data in the most performing way on cloud services as well as consulting various customers of the platform.

Your tasks will be:



Develop, implement, deploy and optimize data pipelines in efficient and scalable workflows on cloud infrastructure

Ensure seamless data flows and integrations into the cloud platform by setting up and maintaining state-of-the-art connectors, APIs, and further data ingestion processes

Consult various internal customers of the platform by leveraging standardization, scalability, performance and elasticity also when processing large volumes of data

Closely collaborate with central BI teams for establishing efficient BI applications as well as supporting central MLOps initiatives

Conceptual design of respective cloud infrastructure for data storage and processing in close collaboration with the infrastructure team

Stay up-to-date with latest industry trends and emerging technologies within the area of data, cloud services, frameworks, and architectural patterns to optimize data engineering processes

Multiply the concept of Data Mesh, worth and importance of data products, and create awareness by the senior management

Qualifikationen

What you bring to the table:



Completed studies in the field of computer science, business informatics, mathematics, physics, or a comparable qualification

Many years of professional experience in the field of data engineering, ideally in cloud environment

High proficiency in Python, SQL, Spark, Delta Lake, Apache Airflow

Deep knowledge about distributed computing frameworks like Apache Spark as well as database structures and data modelling

Hands-on experience in cloud infrastructure, ideally MS Azure

Hands-on experience in building data lakehouses and orchestrating the onboarding of different datasets and source systems

Experience in software engineering techniques, like CI/CD, testing, source code management, and release management ideally GitHub Actions or Azure DevOps

Strong analytical skills to efficiently solve problems as well as strong conceptual design-thinking

Ability to work independently, prioritize tasks efficiently, and consult customer-focused



Additional information:

It is a permanent position.

It doesn’t work completely without formalities. When sending your online application, please attach your CV, an individual letter and any references you may have (max. 5 MB) and mark your application documents as "relevant for this application" in the online form.

We particularly welcome online applications from candidates with disabilities or similar impairments in direct response to this job advertisement. If you have any questions, you can contact the local disability officer once you have submitted your application form, who will gladly assist you in the onward application process: sbv@mercedes-benz.com

If you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact HR Services by e-mail at hrservices@mercedes-benz.com or the chatbot on our career page via the plus symbol.

Please understand that we no longer accept paper applications and that there is no right to get your documents returned.

Diesen Job melden