Post-Doktorand (w/m/d)
German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv)
Leipzig
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

External Job Announcement

Reg.-Nr. 4-3491/23-D






Modern, interconnected, conscious of tradition: Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg (MLU) is the old-

est and largest university in the State of Saxony-Anhalt with a history dating back more than 500 years. Today

more than 20,000 students are enrolled at the university. MLU’s core research areas are in the nanosciences

and biosciences, the Enlightenment, as well as in social and cultural research. The university is also home to

a range of small disciplines, some of which can be found nowhere else in Germany. The university has excel-

lent national and international ties, and works closely together with leading research institutes, industry, and

more than 250 universities around the world.

The Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg, in cooperation with the German Centre for Integrative Bio-

diversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig, offers the following position in Leipzig, starting as soon as pos-

sible and for 24 months, with possibility for an extension:

Post-doctoral Researcher – Rewilding indicators and scenarios (m/f/d)
as full-time employment.



The salary will be up to Entgeltgruppe 13 TV-L, if the personal requirements and tasks are fulfilled. The work-

place will be in Leipzig in the Biodiversity Conservation research group.

The project and research group:

The German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv) Halle-Jena-Leipzig is a National Research Centre

funded by the German Research Foundation (DFG). Its central mission is to promote theory-driven synthesis and

data-driven theory in integrative biodiversity research. It is located in the city of Leipzig and it is a central insti-

tution of the Leipzig University, jointly hosted by the Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg (MLU), the Frie-

drich Schiller University Jena and the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research (UFZ). More information

about iDiv: www.idiv.de.

This position is affiliated with the Biodiversity Conservation Professorship of Prof. Henrique Pereira. The position

will be supervised by Dr. Néstor Fernández. The Biodiversity Conservation group investigates patterns and pro-

cesses of global biodiversity change, with the goal of informing environmental policy and management of eco-

systems. For more information, please visit our lab website: www.idiv.de/research/idiv_core_groups/biodiver-

sity_conservation.html.

This position is funded by the Horizon Europe research project “Climate-smart rewilding: ecological restoration

for climate change mitigation, adaptation and biodiversity support in Europe (WildE)”. This project aims to assess

the potential benefits and trade-offs of rewilding as a restoration approach for biodiversity and for climate

change adaptation and mitigation. WildE involves an interdisciplinary team of researchers from climate, social

and biodiversity sciences studying rewilding at the European level and in local study cases.

The successful candidate will develop a set of spatially-explicit indicators for monitoring and projecting rewilding

trends and outcomes. The research includes assessing, and modelling the outcomes of rewilding in terms of

biodiversity composition and ecosystem dynamics in terms of carbon, energy and water fluxes. It combines

retrospective large-scale analyses of temporal trends with the development of predicted trajectories according

to different scenarios.





veröffentlicht am 31.05.2023



Tasks:

Develop a spatially explicit “wildness” indicator for monitoring rewilding progress and outcomes using Es-

sential Biodiversity Variables

Analyse retrospectively trends in rewilding in Europe, including descriptors of trophic complexity, habitat

connectivity, and natural vegetation dynamics and disturbance

Contribute to produce the deliverables of the WildE project
Participate in stakeholders’ workshops, project coordination meetings, and collaborate in the research with

other projects of the group (e.g. NaturaConnect, EuropaBON and Rewild-DE)

Write scientific papers and policy briefs reporting the findings of the research

Requirements:

A scientific University degree (Diploma/ M.Sc.) in an area related to biodiversity science
A PhD degree in conservation biology, biodiversity sciences, environmental sciences or related disciplines
An excellent scientific publication record, including two or more of the following topics: Spatiotemporal bio-

diversity patterns, spatially explicit ecological modeling, remote sensing of biodiversity, macroecology, bio-

diversity monitoring and indicators

Demonstrated experience in ecological statistics programming in R and spatial and spatiotemporal modelling
Advanced skills with GIS software and programming
Experience in analyzing remote sensing data for ecological applications
Fluency in English

The Martin Luther University Halle-Wittenberg gives priority to applications from severely disabled candidates

with equivalent qualifications. Women are particularly encouraged to apply. Applicants with a degree that was

not obtained at a German higher education institution must submit a Statement of Comparability for Foreign

Higher Education Qualifications from the Central Office for Foreign Education (Zentralstelle für ausländisches

Bildungswesen) to prove equivalence. This Statement can also be submitted after successful completion of the

hiring process.

Queries concerning the application process should be directed to hr@idiv.de. For queries about the research

project please contact nestor.fernandez@idiv.de.

Please submit your full application dossier in English with registration number 4-3491/23-D by June 14, 2023.

Applications should be submitted via our iDiv application portal at https://apply.idiv.de. Applications should

include a motivation letter tailored to the research project, a curriculum vitae, the digital copy of the Master’s

degree/Diploma as well as the PhD certificate, a publication record and names of two senior scientists who could

serve as possible references. Application portfolios will not be returned, application costs will not be reimbursed.

This announcement is subject to possible budgetary restrictions.

iDiv is committed to establishing and maintaining a diverse and inclusive community that collectively supports

and implements our mission to do great science. We will welcome, recruit, develop, and advance talented staff

from diverse genders and backgrounds.





veröffentlicht am 31.05.2023

Diesen Job melden