Working Student / Intern Data Science (w/m/d)
Billie - Working Student / Interns
Berlin
Schnellbewerbung

Hi!
We are Billie, the leading provider of "Buy Now, Pay Later" (BNPL) payment methods for businesses, offering B2B companies innovative digital payment services and modern checkout solutions. We are to create a new standard for business purchasing and have made it our mission to simplify the purchasing experience for all businesses making it a tool for growth. We strive to offer all business buyers an effortless process and their preferred payment method, wherever they shop.

To do so, our solutions are based on proprietary, machine-learning-supported risk models, fully digitised processes and a highly scalable tech platform. This makes us a deep-tech company building financial products, not the other way around. We love building simple and elegant solutions and we strive for automation and scalability. Our vision to create an equal opportunity for all businesses to buy, sell, and thrive on their own terms has attracted exciting strategic partners and highly experienced investors.

This made us join forces with Klarna and secure an outstanding $100 million Series C funding round nearly quadrupling our previous valuation. Our investors include VCs such as Dawn Capital, Creandum, Picus and SpeedInvest.

Join us to create the future of B2B payments!

About the role:

As a working student or intern in Data science team you will work hand in hand with our Data scientist leads and support our DS and Analytics team, focusing on identification and fraud prevention areas. Your work will help fraud investigation unit to identify new patterns and fraudulent MOs, you'll perform feature exploration and detailed data analysis to inform Data scientists on powerful features, and to help them shorten model learning cycle. You will connect to business stakeholders to understand better our customers, and to generate insights for further analysis and exploration. You'll also work closely with Ops team to streamline fraud detection process. Part of your work will involve labelling, which requires data analysis and validation, as well as understanding the whole identification process.

Who we are looking for:
You are currently enrolled in university and are able to work 20h/40h per week
You are capable to work with data - understand and create basic SQL queries, perform data analysis, and investigation
You are communicative, eloquent and not shy to get in touch with people you do not know
You are proactive problem-solver, and keen to bring data and analytics to the heart of your solution
You are motivated to learn fast, you are committed to succeed and meet your targets
You are highly motivated to bring things forward, find hands-on solutions and drive impactful results
You are comfortable in a high-performance, fast-paced environment
You are fluent in speaking and writing in both English and German (B2)
What we offer you:
Flexible work hours and trust in your ability to deliver, empowering you to take control of your work-life balance.
Freedom to balance working from home and the office according to you and your team's needs. No restrictions, only guidelines and a flexibility-first approach.
An English-speaking, multicultural team with more than 46 nationalities from all continents represented in our staff.
A great office space near Checkpoint Charlie with free gym access, healthy snacks and cereals, fruit, coffee, soda, and beer.

Billie offers you the opportunity to be a part of one of the fastest-growing Fintech startups in Europe following the mission to innovate to create new freedom for businesses of all sizes. Our combined decades of experience in B2B Financing and Payments in a market thirsty for innovation and change make this a fantastic possibility to get into the most dynamic space in tech.

Join an international team of talented, passionate people where drive and merit matter. We work in nimble, cross-functional teams with open communication lines across the company. You'll be surrounded by smart people from a wide variety of backgrounds from which you can learn and that want to learn from you.

Are you ready to join Billie?

Diesen Job melden