Research Fellow for a project on “Responsible Algorithms” (f/m/d)
Berlin Institute of Health at Charité (BIH)
10178 Berlin
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

Berlin Institute of Health at Charité (BIH) - BIH QUEST Center
The mission of the Berlin Institute of Health at Charité (BIH) is medical translation: transferring biomedical research findings into novel approaches to personalized prediction, prevention, diagnostics and therapies and, conversely, using clinical observations to develop new research ideas. The aim is to deliver relevant medical benefits to patients and the population at large. The BIH was founded in 2013 and is funded 90 percent by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF) and 10 percent by the State of Berlin. Since 2021 the BIH has been integrated into Charité as its so-called third pillar.
Research Fellow for a project on “Responsible Algorithms” (f/m/d)

The BIH QUEST Center is looking for a research fellow for the project STRATIF-AI ("Continuous stratification for improved prevention, treatment, and rehabilitation of stroke patients using digital twins"). The project aims to improve the prevention and treatment of stroke using artificial intelligence, hybrid modelling and digital twin technology. The position will be based at the QUEST Center for Responsible Research at the Berlin Institute of Health (BIH) at Charité in the "Responsible Algorithms" group (Dr. Vince Madai). The "Responsible Algorithms" group is responsible for the work package on ethical design in STRATIF-AI. The overall goal of the QUEST Center is to optimise biomedical research in terms of scientific methodology, bioethics and research accessibility.

Working field:
Conducting Systematic Reviews to understand existing trustworthy Artificial Intelligence (AI) as a pre-requisite for medical AI projects with a special focus on digital twins
Conducting workshops within the STRATIF-AI consortium for the creation of an ethical framework for AI design and development
Supporting and conducting an interdisciplinary ethical assessment of STRATIF- AI development and the STRAIF-AI AI tool
Conducting a Delphi study and applying the Z-inspection framework for trustworthy AI
Communicating with cooperation partners
Preparing scientific publications
Requirements:
Successfully completed scientific university studies (Master) in artificial intelligence, computer science with a focus on artificial intelligence, (health) data science, ethics, medicine, a life science or another relevant discipline
Interest and willingness to learn meta-research and qualitative research methods
Experience and very good skills in scientific writing and publishing
Very good communication and teamwork skills
Very good English skills - both written and spoken

Any of these experiences are advantageous:
Applied machine learning based AI methodologies, preferably in the healthcare context
Design, especially of digital health and/or AI tools
(AI) ethics
Conduct of systematic reviews
Workshop facilitation
Conduct of Delphi studies
What we offer:
A collaborative research environment that encourages and supports scientific curiosity, innovation, and development of its team members
Remuneration according to E13 TVöD VKA-K: The grouping takes into consideration the qualifications and the personal circumstances of the candidate
A part-time position (19,5h/week)
Appointment duration until 30.04.2027
30 vacation days per year (with a five-day week) and up to 24 flextime days per year
Additional benefits customary in the public sector (e.g. annual bonus, VBL)
Family - friendly, flexible working hours and mobile work option for better work-life balance
Very accessible and attractive workplace at the Spreepalais am Dom, Anna-Louisa-Karsch-Str. 2, 10178 Berlin

BIH strongly encourages qualified women to apply. Applications from people with an immigrant background who meet the hiring requirements are expressly encouraged.
Severely disabled applicants and those with equal status will be given preferential consideration in
cases of equal suitability.
How to apply:
Please submit your application via the BIH Career portal https://jobs.bihealth.org by 21.06.2023, quoting the reference number BIH-47.23 We are looking forward to hear from you!

Applicants are expected to submit at least a letter of motivation, a curriculum vitae as well as the master’s degree certificate. Publications in English or German (e.g. research papers, master's theses, reports on research projects) can also be enclosed, as well as references.

Please note: If you have a foreign university degree, we would like to draw your attention to the
fact that you may need to obtain a certificate evaluation from the ZAB. You can find more information at: https://www.kmk.org/zab/zentralstellefuer-auslaendisches-bildungswesen.html

The recruitment requirement for those born after 1970 is proof of measles immunity / measles vaccination.

Please contact Dr. Vince Madai (vince_istvan.madai@bih-charite.de) if you have any questions
about this position.

You can find more information about BIH at
https://www.bihealth.org/en/
Diesen Job melden