Technical Product Owner (all genders)
Turbine Kreuzberg GmbH
10969 Berlin-Kreuzberg
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
What you can do here?

The Position: Technical Product Owner

Our Technical Product Owners have a good understanding of software architecture, data structures, databases and dataflows. Being well-versed with different tools, frameworks, and application integrations that facilitate their work within the project teams. As well as being able to read and understand documentation like wireframes data models, and architectural and interface diagrams. Our Tech POs understand the structure of programming without crossing the fine line of different responsibilities between the Product Owner and the Developers. Contrary to our Product Owners, our Technical Product Owners don’t have a focus on UX/UI topics. Sometimes there isn't even an interface in the first phase of product development. Their background in coding, automated testing, data science, mathematics, or another logical background is a big help.

Technical Product Owners embody the partners within the agency and carry the project’s vision with them, to the team, and to our Technical Directors. They formulate and prepare accurate requirements for development, becoming temporary industry experts in the process. They understand the partner, their business model, and their world, equally well, being able to identify the most important goals and values of the project, through tools of analysis and communication. They work closely with stakeholders and show a willingness to travel and dynamism in return. Last but not least, our Tech POs always know where their project stands in terms of time and budget.

What you're good at?

Our Tech Stack

We keep even the most volatile requirement sets clear and structured by using tools like JIRA, Miro and Confluence. We are masters of visualizing complex processes and contexts to pick up and convince clients and team members. Our workshops are rich in output, fun and live up to their name.

Still, nothing is set in stone. Win us over with a new approach and we’ll change course.


Why us?

Our Workflow

We give you room for creativity, work-life balance isn’t just a buzzword for us.

We work in interdisciplinary Scrum and Kanban teams, which are always arranged based on the project and each has its own specific freedoms. As a result, we are agile, and flexible and facilitate the best solution, not the ego. We believe nothing is better than working as a team. Our pair or even mob programming as a standard proves it. Make recommendations, take initiative, and handle responsibility. That’s how code libraries, new processes and a company spin-off in Portugal all came to be. Or the four-day work week, which some of us love. Putting this vast freedom to use, you can become the designer of your own agency.

About us

Our Agency

We deliver software that drives value creation. Our teams develop digital platforms, implement trailblazing projects with blockchain technology and accelerate supply chain automation through IoT. For each project, we develop a joint vision and an ideal implementation strategy together with our clients and partners. And then? We get to work building the right technological solution.

We are experts in platform models and deliver suitable technologies for every project – whether for marketplaces or service platforms. We consult and help implement them for our clients - from big SMU's to corporates. Our partners value not only our technical skills but our professional organization and partner management as well, which is done by our office team. We excel at combining technologies and are proud of our reputation: We are the ones who get things done.

Diesen Job melden