Working Student/ Internship – Data Scientist in Dresden (m/w/d)
QuoData
10787 Berlin
Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum

Your Day in the Data Science Department

You will be a part of a creative and diverse work culture that not only befits the clients, and business growth yet providing an opportunity for you to grow professionally. As a Work-student-Data Scientist, with good knowledge in Python, you will be involved in the statistical analysis and reporting with a prime motto of automating the reporting and delivering state-of-the-art solutions per client’s requirements.


How you’ll make an impact

Support in statistical analysis for varied use-cases like food, consumer protection, environment, materials, biomedicine, etc.
Automation of the reporting
Development of our web-based software solutions

What you bring?

You are studying in a technical field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, and physics) or you bring your expertise in mathematics.
Very good knowledge in MS Excel.
Good knowledge in MS Word.
Interests in mathematics, statistics, and programming.
You have in-depth knowledge of Python including application development (in combination with other technologies is a plus).
Keen to learn new concepts, comprehensive, and not afraid to take on new challenges.
You are open, outgoing, and have excellent communication skills.
You live in Dresden and would like to work as a student trainee for about 10 - 20 hours per week.
You have fluency in English, with excellent written and verbal communication skills, German is a strong plus.


What we offer you

A great team with a flat hierarchy and an open corporate culture.
Exciting and diversified tasks with multidisciplinary colleagues.
An open ear for your own creative ideas.
Flexible working hours.
An old villa in art nouveau style near the river Elbe with large offices.
Joint events, e.g., summer and Christmas parties.
Coffee flat rate & free drinks.


QuoData-Who we are?

25+ years of expertise in statistical consulting services, developing software solutions to support industry, research, and government in analytical quality assurance and method development. A global leader in developing and delivering novel tools for analytical quality assurance. The interdisciplinary Data Science team of QuoData has been involved in designing and evaluating proficiency tests and validation studies for more than 20 years in environmental issues, food safety, diagnostics, material research, and more.


Did we pique your interest?

Take the next step now and send us your complete application by e-mail to Mrs. Berger: karriere@quodata.de.

We are looking forward to your application!

Diesen Job melden