Bell Labs Internship - Autonomous Systems
NOKIA
Stuttgart
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Praktikum

Come create the technology that helps the world act together

Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world.





We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work.




The team you'll be part of

Bell Labs

Nokia Bell Labs is the world-renowned research arm of Nokia, having invented many of the foundational technologies that underpin information and communications networks and all digital devices and systems. This research has produced nine Nobel Prizes, five Turing Awards and numerous other awards.




Bell Labs Summer Intern

Nokia Bell Labs is building the future of human experience and our interns will have the opportunity to learn from and work with industry leading experts, who solve the most formidable challenges confronting our world through disruptive innovation and research.




Education Recommendations

Enrolled student in Bachelor or Master (preferred) degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or related fields.




What you will learn and contribute to

As part of our team, you will work on a subset of the following:

Design and implement research ideas in the filed of AI/ML
Work on developing solutions using Deep NN, Reinforement Learning, Speed up learning approaches, etc.
Work with different platforms and Proof of Concepts to validate the contributed / proposed solutions
Explore the potential of AI/ML in network edges and small devices.
Work on the Auction based network selection approaches
Explore the potential of Web 3.0 in networks
Understand Smart Contracts / Crypto Networks and implement them for different use-cases
Explore and get familiar with various open-source software libraries,



What is Nokia looking for from me

You have:

Good knowledge of ML concepts.
Good knowledge / worked with Reinforement/ Hybrid/ Transfer/Active / Speed up learning
Good knowledge regarding the machine learning concepts. Having knowledge on convolutional neural networks is an asset.
Being autonomous with open source libraries (TensorFlow/Keras, PyTorch,…) and being fluent in Python are pre-requisite.
Large autonomy in the work, ability to ask for support, good communication, strong attention to details, … are essential skills for this type of internship.



It would be nice if you also had:

Intermediate/advanced knowledge of networks and 5G
Working knowledge of crypto networks



Why we're awesome

Nokia offers flexible and hybrid working schemes, continuous learning opportunities, well-being programs to support you mentally and physically, opportunities to join and get supported by employee resource groups, mentoring programs and highly diverse teams with an inclusive culture where people thrive and are empowered.




Company Culture: We believe our people are our greatest asset and we aim to foster a fun, challenging, positive, and inclusive work environment. We offer 1-on-1 mentorship, learning and development opportunities, global impact and interaction, and flexible work/life balance.




Meaningful Co-op Term: During your co-op term, you will have the opportunity to test out the latest technologies and work on innovative projects that could leave a global impact. You get to use skills learned in the classroom and apply it to real work situations while gaining professional hands-on experience.




Nokia is committed to inclusion and is an equal opportunity employer

Nokia has received the following recognitions for its commitment to inclusion & equality:

One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere
Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg
Workplace Pride Global Benchmark
LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation

At Nokia, we act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people.




Nokia’s employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect.

As a federal contractor & pursuant to Presidential Exec. Order 14042, Nokia mandates for all employees a COVID-19 vaccination or an approved religious or medical accommodation.




Join us and be part of a company where you will feel included and empowered to succeed.




See you this Summer / 2023




“The intern program at Nokia is truly designed to give students all the support and guidance we need to excel in our professional careers. Working at Nokia as a software developer Co-op, I was able to learn and grow with the guidance of mentors from across the company through a multitude of research, development, and leadership opportunities. It was exciting to be able to contribute to real-world projects and apply my previous experiences to new domains, especially since the Nokia work culture encourages innovation and creativity. I’ve made lifelong connections and skills through my time here, and I’m so grateful to have been a part of the Nokia team!” – Mara Hubelbank, Former Nokia Co-op student, Spring - Summer 2021




Follow and engage with us on social media:
LinkedIn | Facebook | Instagram | Twitter @NokiaCareers
Chat with our Nokia insiders to ask questions and learn more about us!

Diesen Job melden