(Senior) Data Engineer (m/f/d)
SIXT Germany
Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Job Description


Join Team Orange now as (Senior) Data Engineer (m/f/d) to drive the digitalisation of SIXT! We use data in an exclusive way to make decisions and drive our internal processes, digital experiences, and customer touchpoints. Being present in more than 100 countries, SIXT serves millions of customers and collects billions of data points across numerous digital channels. Our Data Science team is at the forefront of gaining deep insights into our product journeys and our users' experiences. These insights are key to all our product decisions and our engine for creating value for our customers around the world.

What you will do:

You will develop existing reporting tools and create new dashboards for our Global Business Services department – Damage

You will ensure that the reports are systematically and consistently aligned with the management and target system of the SIXT Group

Your knowledge in dealing with databases and queries enables you to summarise and prepare large amounts of data in a targeted manner

Your analytical skills enable you to identify drivers and show correlations and patterns in the processes

You prepare the findings of your analyses in a way that is suitable for the recipient and present them confidently to relevant stakeholders



Qualifications


About you:

You have a university degree in (business) informatics, engineering, business administration or comparable education

You have very good knowledge of BI systems, databases and analysis methods; you are also familiar with MS Office

You communicate in a self-confident and friendly manner at all levels of the company

You enjoy working in a dynamic environment and act confidently

You bring your analytical and conceptual skills to bear independently, proactively and in a solution-oriented way

You have a networked way of thinking and can reduce complex issues to the essential points


Additional Information


Working at SIXT not only means creating the future of mobility, but also offers personal benefits.

This means especially for you: 30 days of vacation, flexible working hours, support for pension plans & capital-forming benefits. You can decide where you want to work from: Up to 50% of your monthly working time you can work completely mobile and from anywhere, up to 30 days per year even in other European countries (EU, CH & UK).

Thanks to small teams with flat hierarchies, we can offer you not only comprehensive onboarding, but also a warm working atmosphere. Which is also important when you spend so much time with your colleagues, and besides, no wonder if you get as an employee a bonus of 2.000 € (gross) for referring friends as new employees. If something does bother you, you will always have someone to confide in through regular feedback sessions, employee surveys or our psychological hotline through the Fürstenberg Institute.

Of course, you also receive employee benefits for SIXT rent, share, ride and SIXT+, car leasing offers, discounts with partners for travel, technology, clothing, etc., free cyber sports courses and free training for your individual development. We also give you a 20 €/month mobility allowance for your commute to work, regardless of whether you take the BVG, the car, the bicycle or walk to work.One day a year you can support the children's aid foundation "Drying Little Tears", an initiative of Regine Sixt, & do something good.

Otherwise, we live "work hard, play hard" - our parties are legendary! We also demand and promote DiverSIXTy, a corporate culture of acceptance, appreciation, and respect, where everyone can develop their personality and ideas.

About the department:
Our managers are experts in their field, in high demand, involved in many projects, and have to bear responsibility for their team. This requires support for appointments, calendar supervision, communication, administrative work, and many daily tasks. In our assistant positions, cleverness and thinking outside the box are required, many topics, even confidential ones, end up on the desk and the network to many departments and colleagues makes cooperation much easier. Keeping your eyes on content-related topics and making the daily business work is your prio challenge here. But there are nice colleagues in the team who can support you in this and might have some advice or lead for certain difficulties.

About us:
We are a leading global mobility service provider with sales of €3.07 billion and around 7,500 employees worldwide. Our mobility platform ONE combines our products SIXT rent (car rental), SIXT share (car sharing), SIXT ride (cab, driver and chauffeur services), SIXT+ (car subscription) and gives our customers access to our fleet of 270,894 vehicles, the services of 1,500 cooperation partners and around 1.5 million drivers worldwide. Together with our franchise partners, we are present in more than 110 countries at 2,098 rental stations. At SIXT, a first-class customer experience and outstanding customer service are our top priorities. We focus on true entrepreneurship and long-term stability and align our corporate strategy with foresight. Want to take off with us and revolutionize the world of mobility? Apply now!

Diesen Job melden