Fully-funded PhD positions in Biomedical Sciences at the MDC Berlin
Max-Delbrück-Centrum für Molekulare Medizin
Berlin-Buch
Befristeter Vertrag
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Befristeter Vertrag
Wissenschaftler / Doktoranden

The Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC) in the Helmholtz Association is an international biomedical research center dedicated to understanding the molecular mechanisms of health and disease with the goal to devise new diagnostics and medicines. The MDC is a member of the Helmholtz Association, Germany's largest scientific organization, and offers an engaging research environment with cutting-edge research infrastructure. Currently, ~1250 employees and ~500 guest scientists work at the Berlin-Buch and Berlin-Mitte campuses. Our diverse workforce is a core strength that inspires creativity and innovation at the MDC.

The MDC is committed to improving human health through transformative biomedical research. Our goal is to pioneer discoveries for preventing, treating, and ultimately curing disease.

Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine (MDC) Berlin, together with its partners, Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin and Charité Universitätsmedizin Berlin, invites applicants for PhD positions.

Ihre Aufgaben

Are you passionate about discovering the basis of health and disease, and applying your findings to answer clinically-relevant questions? Are you interested in one of the following topics?


Biochemistry
Cancer research
Cardiovascular biology
Cell biology
Computational biology and data science
Imaging
Immunology and inflammation
Mathematical modeling
Medical systems biology
Metabolism
Neuroscience
Proteomics
Single-cell and omics technologies
Stem cell research and organoids
Structural biology


Join us!

To become a great scientist, one needs to develop a diverse set of competences. The MDC International PhD Program supports its PhD researchers to grow both personally and scientifically. The structured PhD program comprises a diverse community of about 350 international PhD students and provides:


An excellent scientific, international, collaborative and inclusive learning environment
Individualized PhD supervision and mentoring
Advanced scientific, research-related and methods training
Access to state-of-the-art infrastructure and core facilities
Regular lectures, journal clubs and seminar series
A structured program for personal and career development
Participation in PhD symposia and retreats
Travel grants for external courses and conferences


The working language of the program is English.

Students may, in addition, join our MDC-NYU PhD Exchange Program in Medical Systems Biology, iNAMES – MDC-Weizmann Helmholtz International Research School for Imaging and Data Science from the NAno to the MESo, or become associated with the interdisciplinary HEIBRiDS Data Science School.

Berlin is one of the most vibrant cities located in the heart of Europe. In addition to great science, it provides an inclusive and diverse living environment, with an incredible offer of entertainment, cultural and recreational activities.

The MDC is situated at two locations in Berlin: the majority of infrastructure is located on Campus Berlin-Buch, a modern science and biotechnology park with a clear focus on biomedicine, while laboratories and offices of the Berlin Institute for Medical Systems Biology (MDC-BIMSB) are located on Campus Berlin-Mitte. It is a family-friendly environment that offers services to support the compatibility of work and family life, such as campus kindergarten or a fully equipped Parent-child room.




Ihr Profil

Who are we looking for?


You are an enthusiastic student with a strong interest in life and/or data sciences
Your degree is in biology, biotechnology, medicine, molecular medicine, chemistry, computer science, data science, engineering, mathematics, physics or a related field
You hold or expect to obtain a Master degree not later than February 2024

We are committed to meet today’s challenges in biology and medicine and realize that excellent science requires outstanding researchers. If you aspire to be one of them – we are looking forward to receiving your application!

How to apply? Via our online recruitment portal! Applications via email can unfortunately not be accepted.

Application deadline: July 05, 2023.

Desired starting date: Starting dates are arranged on the individual basis, latest 4 months from the interviews (February 2024)



Ihre Benefits
international working environment with communication in English and German
interesting career opportunities and a range of opportunities for further qualification and training
Compatibility of family and career certified by the workandfamily audit (“berufundfamilie audit”)
Support for "New Berliners" through the MDC Welcome & Family Office
On-campus health and fitness center

You also benefit from:


A remuneration in accordance with the collective agreement for the federal public service (TVöD-Bund), including additional company pension schemes
Flexible working hours and childcare support
An idyllic green campus, which is easily accessible by bicycle, public transport or car
A secure job, even in uncertain times
Subsidy for the job ticket as well as discounts in the campus canteen
Additional health benefits such as flu vaccination, eye test, ergonomics advice at the workplace, hygiene measures (medical mouth-nose protection, self-tests, disinfectants)
The possibility of mobile working - also independent of the Corona situation
Free use of Nextbike from the Buch S-Bahn station to the campus

Weitere Informationen:
http://www.mdc-berlin.de
Beschäftigungsgruppe:
Wissenschaftler / Doktoranden




Team:
phdmdc@mdc-berlin.de




Bewerbungsfrist:
05. Juli 2023





Arbeitsort:
MDC Berlin-Buch
Enlarge/reduce map size





Vergütung:
PhD researchers are fully funded through an initial 3-year employment contract with the MDC, according to 65% TVöD 13 (monthly net payment of approximately 1600 EUR). Health and social insurance are included in the contract. Salaries are competitive to the national standards.





Beschäftigungsumfang:
PhD





Gewünschter Eintrittstermin:
01. Februar 2024





Befristung:
befristet
Appointments are made for an initial period of 3 years, with possibility of extension for an additional year.





Kontakt:
Graduate School Office
phdmdc@mdc-berlin.de





Chancengleichheit:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, gender identity or sexual orientation. We look forward to receiving applications from open-minded people who enjoy working in diverse teams. Applications from severely disabled persons will be given special consideration.





Bewerbung:
Please use our online portal and submit your application, including details about your education (university, grades), research experience, interest and motivation, CV, reference letters, as well as relevant educational and degree certificates.

If you have a non-German degree, please submit proof of the recognition of your Master's degree in Germany with your application. The proof can be determined via the Anabin database (https://anabin.kmk.org/anabin.html) and can be submitted as a PDF attachment to the application.

For information on fair mobility, click here: https://www.fair-labour-mobility.eu/.
After submission of your application, you will receive an automatic email confirming that your application has been received. To be eligible for review, your application must be submitted before the application deadline.

Diesen Job melden