wiss. Mitarbeiter:in / Doktorand:in / Postdoc (m/w/d)
Technische Universität Dresden
01069 Dresden
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit

Technische Universität Dresden (TUD), as a University of Excellence, is one of the leading and most
dynamic research institutions in the country. Founded in 1828, today it is a globally oriented,
regionally anchored top university as it focuses on the grand challenges of the 21st century. lt
develops innovative solutions for the world's most pressing issues. In research and academic
programs, the university unites the natural and engineering sciences with the humanities, social
sciences and medicine. This wide range of disciplines is a special feature, facilitating interdisciplinarity
and transfer of science to society. As a modern employer, it offers attractive working conditions to all
employees in teaching, research, technology and administration. The goal is to promote and develop
their individual abilities while empowering everyone to reach their full potential. TUD embodies a
university culture that is characterized by cosmopolitanism, mutual appreciation, thriving innovation
and active participation. For TUD diversity is an essential feature and a quality criterion of an excellent
university. Accordingly, we welcome all applicants who would like to commit themselves, their
achievements and productivity to the success of the whole institution.

At the Faculty of Psychology, Institute of Work, Organizational and Social Psychology, the Chair
of Social Psychology offers a position as



Research Associate / PhD student / Postdoc (m/f/x)
(subject to personal qualification employees are remunerated according to salary group E 13 TV-L)



starting October 1, 2023. The position is initially limited to three years with the option of extension
The period of employment is governed by the Fixed Term Research Contracts Act
(Wissenschaftszeitvertragsgesetz – WissZeitVG). The position comprises 50 % of the full-time weekly
hours for a PhD student resp. 100 % % of the full-time weekly hours for a Postdoc and aims at
obtaining further academic qualification (usually PhD / habilitation thesis). Balancing family and career
is an important issue. The position is generally suitable for candidates seeking part-time employment.
Please indicate the request in your application.

The chair investigates (social) judgment and decision-making processes, emphasizing 1) the role of
conflict in these processes and 2) the role of context. We study these processes across various
domains, from social behavior to work and relationships, to behavioral change in different areas. We
use a wide range of methods ranging from self-report, response time, and process tracking, to
incentive-based behavioral paradigms. More information about the chair and research can be found
here: www.irisschneider.nl.

Tasks: scientific research and teaching and the development of independent scientific ideas in the
research area of the chair. Duties include the guidance and support of students and PhD candidates
in scientific work, acquiring third-party funding projects, and successfully publishing scientific work.
Furthermore, staff will participate in the teaching of the Chair of Social Psychology and examination
in the Bachelor and Master programs in Psychology and Human Performance Socio-Technological
Systems.

Requirements: a university degree (Diplom/Master) and, if applicable, a PhD degree in psychology or
related fields (i.e., Behavioral/Experimental Economics, Cognitive Science); willingness to pursue own
scientific qualification/career and acquisition of third-party funded projects. Experience with
advanced experimental methods (e.g., mouse tracking, eye tracking) and neuroscience methods (EEG)
or advanced data analyses (computational modeling, machine learning) is considered a plus.

Please direct any questions regarding the call to Iris Schneider (iris.schneider@tu-dresden.de).

TUD strives to employ more women in academia and research. We therefore expressly encourage
women to apply. The University is a certified family-friendly university and offers a Dual Career
Service. We welcome applications from candidates with disabilities. If multiple candidates prove to be

equally qualified, those with disabilities or with equivalent status pursuant to the German Social Code
IX (SGB IX) will receive priority for employment.

To apply, send us your CV, contact details of three references, and a letter of motivation. The latter
should include information on your interest in the research done in the group and the future avenues
you’d like to pursue. Submit your application in English by June 23, 2023 (stamped arrival date of the
university central mail service applies) to: TU Dresden, Fakultät Psychologie, Institut für Arbeits-,
Organisations- und Sozialpsychologie, Professur für Sozialpsychologie, Frau Prof. Dr. Iris
Schneider, Helmholtzstr. 10, 01069 Dresden, Germany or via the TU Dresden SecureMail Portal
https://securemail.tu-dresden.de by sending it as a single PDF file to sozpsy@mailbox.tu-
dresden.de. Please submit copies only, as your application will not be returned to you. Expenses
incurred in attending interviews cannot be reimbursed.

Reference to data protection: Your data protection rights, the purpose for which your data will be processed,
and further information about data protection are available to you on the website: https://tu-
dresden.de/karriere/datenschutzhinweis.

Diesen Job melden