Head of Data Science
Bayer
Monheim
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Head of Data Science
Bayer - Monheim
Job
Unternehmen

At Bayer we’re visionaries, driven to solve the world’s toughest challenges and striving for a world where ,Health for all, Hunger for none’ is no longer a dream, but a real possibility. We’re doing it with energy, curiosity and sheer dedication, always learning from unique perspectives of those around us, expanding our thinking, growing our capabilities and redefining ‘impossible’. There are so many reasons to join us. If you’re hungry to build a varied and meaningful career in a community of brilliant and diverse minds to make a real difference, there’s only one choice.




Head of Data Science




YOUR TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES




Lead, guide and develop the global data science team within Field Solutions Technologies (FS-T) Analytics & Pipeline Design (APD) in CropScience R&D
Strategically align, initiate and execute key interdisciplinary data science projects to generate novel scientific and agronomic insights on a global scale to take the understanding of field data to the next level
Clearly communicate project progress and impact to relevant stakeholders and ensure delivery on time, quality and budget
Contribute significantly to the overall FS transformation strategy as a key thought leader on data-driven decision making, automation, decision capture and pipeline acceleration
Ensure data is generated, integrated, and aggregated to meet business, modeling and analytics needs
Drive a continuous inflow of cutting-edge data science technologies and platforms for better decision making



WHO YOU ARE




University degree with a long track record of relevant experience in data or computer science, bioinformatics, mathematics, or a related field preferably applied to agriculture
Strong knowledge and several years of experience in data analytics, machine learning, visual analytics, pipeline automation, data science trends and technologies
Strong problem-solving skills, ability to structure and simplify complex tasks, and flexibility to adapt to changing environments and ambiguous situations
Visionary and out-of-the-box mindset to think, align and act strategically combined with a focus on execution
Proven ability to work effectively in multidisciplinary international R&D teams, including external partners, scientific communities, and universities
Excellent communication and strong influential and collaborative leadership skills
Fluent in English, both written and spoken, German is a plus



#LI-DE




YOUR APPLICATION

This is your opportunity to tackle the world’s biggest challenges with us: Maintaining our health, feeding growing populations and slowing the rate of climate change. You have a voice, ideas and perspectives and we want to hear them. Because our success begins with you. Be part of something big. Be Bayer.

Bayer welcomes applications from all individuals, regardless of race, national origin, gender, age, physical characteristics, social origin, disability, union membership, religion, family status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any unlawful criterion under applicable law. We are committed to treating all applicants fairly and avoiding discrimination.


Location: Monheim

Division: Crop Science

Reference Code: 793616

Diesen Job melden