Global Head, Data & Analytics Platform
Novartis
München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Global Head, Data & Analytics Platform
Novartis - München
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

2023 will see Sandoz become a standalone organization! As a global market leader in Generics and Biosimilar medicine, Sandoz is stepping forward from a position of strength! Those joining Sandoz in the coming months will help shape the future of the company, it’s growth, innovation, culture and how Sandoz impacts the lives of millions. These will be careers with genuine impact! This is one such role!

Are you ready to make a difference?

Role Overview

This individual will lead the Data & Analytics Platform at enterprise scale, with an overly complex Technology Ecosystem including Technology Strategy, Solution Architecture, Delivery & Operations (DevSecOps) of Business Solutions across a variety of Business Capabilities.

He/ She will develop strategic capability to create product/services roadmaps from concept to development to launch encompassing technology adoption, product engineering, service design, security and compliance and business process change.

Major Accountabilities


Define and execute technology delivery strategy for business systems, platforms, and processes for business domain/function(s) in scope.
Partner with senior business stakeholders and DD&IT Strategic Business Partners for demand analysis, solution proposal/evaluation, and funding estimates.
Partner with relevant Technology Service/Solutions Delivery teams to ensure that the product and platform strategy balances the sophisticated needs of Key Markets, need for reuse across other priority markets and cost, while effectively scale at speed to remaining midsize/small markets.
Define and execute roadmap to drive standardization of analytics platforms and data lakes.
Ensure stable backend operations and driving of API definitions to enable Business Product Functions to develop own analytical applications
Drives alignment with Business Product Functions on required enhancements of backend applications
Ensure on time, within budget, compliant, secure, and quality delivery of portfolio.
Define and evolve SI Partner Strategy and effectively manage and govern engagements to jointly deliver business value.
Pro-actively engage with Technology & Platform partner to jointly strive for innovation and engage in Design Partnerships.
Ensure services, solutions, platforms, products are fit for purpose and achieve the desired business value and impact.
Establish governance structure for projects, operations, etc. with right stakeholder representation.
Decides on continuous improvement within the team
Decides on the program timeline, governance, and deployment strategy
Track, report, and deliver against agreed success factors and KPIs for various stakeholders in TT and business.

Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:

Novartis is committed to building an outstanding, inclusive work environment and diverse teams representative of the patients and communities we serve.

Minimum requirements

Ideal Background

Education:


Master of Science degree in information technology, software engineering, computer science or related field; Additional Master of Business Administration is a plus
Certification or accreditation in data and analytics platforms is a plus
Experience with Agile/DevOps methodologies; Certification is a plus

Languages:


Fluent in written and spoken English

Skills:


Highly experienced people leader with the ability to lead and develop diverse teams across wide geographies; highly motivated to co-lead the creation of the P&A function & own area of responsibility.
Change Management Champion with experience in leading teams through large-scale IT change / transformation programs
Excellent negotiation, communication, and interpersonal skills ability to develop influential relationships with different stakeholders across all levels.
An entrepreneurial mindset driven by curiosity, continuous improvement, and interest in technical advancements and trends.
Ability to interpret business needs to technical solutions and translate complex concepts for various audiences

Experiences:


At least 10 years of IT experience, including serving in a highly qualified leadership role, such as Data Analytics Lead
Strong project management skills with the ability to multitask and properly delegate work
Experience working with Data & Analytics tools and processes
Experience with hybrid cloud environments is a plus
Experience working with cloud computing technologies for big data is a plus

#orbit

Why Sandoz?
500 million patients were touched by Sandoz generic and biosimilar medicines in 2021 and while we’re proud of this, we know there is more we could do to continue to help pioneer access to medicines for people around the world.

How will we do this? We believe new insights, perspectives and ground-breaking solutions can be found at the intersection of medical science and digital innovation. That a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment inspires new ways of working.

We believe our potential can thrive and grow in an unbossed culture underpinned by integrity, curiosity and flexibility. And we can reinvent what's possible, when we collaborate with courage to aggressively and ambitiously tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. Because the greatest risk in life, is the risk of never trying!

Imagine what you could achieve here at Sandoz!



Join our Sandoz Network : If this role is not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Sandoz and our career opportunities, join the Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/sandoztalentpool

Division

SANDOZ

Business Unit

COMMERCIAL OPS EUROPE SZ

Country

Germany

Work Location

Holzkirchen (near Munich)

Company/Legal Entity

Hexal AG

Alternative Country 1

Czech Republic

Functional Area

Technology Transformation

Job Type

Full Time

Employment Type

Regular

Shift Work

No

Early Talent

No
Diesen Job melden