Lead Data Engineer
Yara
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Date posted: May 14, 2023
Location: Berlin, BE, DE Brussels, Brussels-Capital Region, BE Rotterdam, NL
Job Function: Other
Job Type: Permanent
Job Requisition ID: 14801
Lead Data Engineer

We at Yara are part of a global network, collaborating to profitably and responsibly solve some of the world's key challenges - resource scarcity, food insecurity and environmental change.

About the Unit

Yara aims to be the crop nutrition company of the future, leading the development of sustainable agriculture and digital tools to help solve global agricultural challenges. We have a worldwide presence in over 65 countries with around 17,000 employees. Drawing on more than a century of experience in crop nutrition, Yara established the Digital Farming division to explore how technology can be used to improve farmers' lives and productivity. At Yara Farming Solutions Europe, we aim to leverage Yara's digital product and commercial portfolio with data and insights on soil health, regenerative farming practices and information around the farmer and fields. Join us in the digital transformation of the agriculture industry to achieve Yara's goal to responsibly feed this world and protect the planet.

Responsibilities

The Lead Data Engineer will shape the data architecture for Yara Europe and managing data through its lifecycle. This is a key role that will transform how we manage and process our data. The candidate will extend our core data platform (data mesh) to European use cases, and create a scalable and reliable best in class data infrastructure that allows Yara Europe to achieve its data objectives in the digital space. This role requires understanding of technology and processes for managing data and the ability to interface with senior and executive leaders within the data organisation and across the company.




Build up a data architecture and data infrastructure for Yara Europe in collaboration with YFS Europe leaders and the global Data teams.
Enhance the core data platform to leverage Yara’s digital product and commercial portfolio with data and insights around soil health, regenerative agriculture practices and farmer information.
Build and manage a team of data engineers, data warehouse developers and tracking engineers
Supervise the integration of a Customer Data Platform (360° Customer View) from event tracking to marketing automation
Work closely with data analysts and commercial teams to optimize our data landscape to improve stability and scalability
Consolidate new sources of data into a single location, ensuring good data quality and data lineage. Input data sources could be JSON files, Kafka Events, streaming data from IoT Sensors, Weather APIs, CSV Files, Image Files, Bulk Data Stores, Batch-loading, customer and financial data from SAP HANA and Salesforce CRM
Accountable for ensuring data integrity and quality across the European data landscape. Clearly communicate limitations, risks and recommendations regarding data collection and processing
Work with other data architects, data security, data privacy members to establish and maintain common standards in managing data
Ensure compliance with European data privacy regulations and data governance standards
Research and run proof of concept studies to advance data infrastructure
Profile
At least a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field
Proven experience in developing and managing a scalable data infrastructure.
Experience in leading data engineers, data warehouse developers and/or tracking engineers
Strong understanding of data management fundamentals, including concepts such as data dictionaries, data models, validation, and reporting.
Experience in deploying a 360° Customer View and marketing automation welcome
Experience with data privacy frameworks such as GDPR and handling PII data
Hands on experience in metadata management, data modelling, data analysis, data integration tools
Strong knowledge on SQL & DB systems; Able to code in Python, our preferred tech stack
Experience with scalable architectures (micro-services, event-driven, data-mesh, Kubernetes etc.) is a plus
Comfortable working with our tools: AWS, Airflow, Jira, Docker
Additional Information

To directly impact on products that provide real value to farmers and industries based on an honest business model

To work on sustainable solutions that benefit humankind and the environment

Very competitive remuneration and an unlimited work contract

A flexible yet stable environment in the newly founded digital unit of a global company

Flexible working hours, working from home/remote option!

Support for personal development, training, conferences, and continuous learning

Commitment to using new approaches, technologies, and frameworks

To choose your own preferred MacOS hardware

Contact details

Padelis Kollias

Talent Acquisition Manager

padelis.kollias@yara.com

Knowledge grows through differences
Yara is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe that creating a diverse and inclusive work environment is not only the right thing, but also the smart thing to do. To deliver on this, Yara has firmly anchored Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) in our business strategy and has more than 400 employees worldwide involved in D&I ambassadors networks.





Job Segment: Data Architect, Data Warehouse, Sustainable Agriculture, Warehouse, Engineer, Technology, Data, Agriculture, Manufacturing, Engineering

Diesen Job melden