Intern / Working Student – Cloud Solutions / Data Engineering (m/f/x)
Grant Thornton AG
Berlin
Werkstudent
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Werkstudent
Kennziffer
2022-529
Einsatzort
Berlin
Stellenbezeichnung

Intern / Working Student – Cloud Solutions / Data Engineering (m/f/x)

Deine Stärken. Unsere gemeinsame Wirkung.



Your strengths. Our combined impact.


We call our work ‘demonstrating impact’. That means an environment in which you can share your curiosity, knowledge and passion for excellence with others. Because our work demonstrates impact, Grant Thornton is one of the most successful firms for mid-market companies, start-ups and the DAX. With us you can support our clients’ growth regionally, nationally and internationally, and at the same time broaden your view of the environment, society and economy.

We’re growing. To complement our team we are looking for interns (m/f/d) and working students (m/f/x) in the field of Audit as soon as possible.

You will be working with a team of highly skilled and supportive data scientists who work with an agile approach in their everyday tasks. Team language is English. This position is a “work from anywhere in Germany” position which requires a high degree of self-organization and excellent communication skills. The team is growing rapidly which gives you the opportunity to continue your career with us after your graduation.

Bereit, Wirkung zu zeigen?



Ready to demonstrate impact?


In your role you will support our Data Engineering team and work with a great team of Data Scientists who are motivated to improve the quality and accuracy of information and enabling businesses to make more responsible business decisions. You will support in setting up and maintaining our data infrastructure. You will have the opportunity to learn from experienced colleagues and contribute with the experiences you bring. Your main tasks will be:


ETL / Post processing of financial data from different source systems
Scalable data processing with Azure Storage, and implement role-based data authorization
Supporting in providing infrastructure for the data scientists
You will support the development of data pipelines and data transformations. You design and implement data flows and databases in the Azure Cloud
You model the necessary data structures in Azure SQL DB according to proven data modelling principles
Existing ETL and reporting solutions are monitored, maintained, and expanded by you over their entire life cycle

Stärken, die Dich beruflich auszeichnen.



Professional strengths that set you apart.


You are a student in Computer Science, Mathematics, business informatics or a comparable field
You have first experience in using Azure Cloud infrastructure, Azure Data Lake, Azure Data Factory and Azure Functions would be a plus
You have a basic understanding of the processing and modelling of large, complex data sets for analytical use cases with e.g. Azure Data Factory or similar tools
You are experienced in Python or other coding language knowledge in ETL tools as well as BI or reporting tools would be a plus
You communicate effectively and independently, work independently and purposefully to deliver high-quality results on time and possess good communication and stakeholder management skills both in English and preferably also in German
A basic understanding of financial data, ERP systems and accounting processes would help, but is not necessary as we are willing to teach you if you are not experienced yet

Was wir Dir bieten? Die Chance, Deine Zukunft zu gestalten. Und mit uns das Übermorgen zu formen.



What do we offer? The chance to shape your future. As well as to carve the world of tomorrow.


A diverse training programme, tasks with responsibility that help you grow, and a strong team –welcome to Grant Thornton! We’re already practicing active talent management, a positive feedback culture and an environment of mutual appreciation. We’re constantly developing and learning about agile working, New Work and having a digital mindset.

Interesse geweckt? Wir freuen uns über Deine Bewerbung!


Interested? We are looking forward to your application!


Ideally, you should be able to devote three to six months to your internship with us and 15-20 hours/week to your working student job.


Any questions? Please feel free to contact us.


Grant Thornton AG

Mara-Sophie Kniffel

People & Culture

T +49 211 9524 8717

E karriere@de.gt.com

Diesen Job melden