Full-stack developer with product background
Happydeeds
10407 Berlin
Schnellbewerbung
We are looking for a talented full stack engineer to help us build the most effective peer-to-peer donation marketplace.

Happydeeds makes it easy to do good. We have set out to disrupt the $300b individual donation market to help those that need it the most.

Happydeeds enables non-profit organizations to easily list items such as clothes, personal-care items and toys, which are then bought by donors and shipped directly to their facilities. As a donor, you are able to filter by location, cause and budget, and buy a school bag directly for a child who can’t afford it.

Tasks

We are looking for strong full stack engineers with a product background who are results-oriented, data driven, creative and passionate about designing a one of a kind solution. You will be expected to take initiative and lead your own projects. The function’s responsibilities will involve designing efficient user-flows, building intuitive web and app interfaces and implementing test and track metrics to ensure high quality results. We need your ideas and ability to take initiative, innovate and produce outstanding results. Your solutions will provide the ultimate customer experience for anyone who wants to do good to another person in need.

Requirements


BA/BS in computer science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Passion to work in the social impact sector
Advanced knowledge of web and app development
Good communication skills
Ability to write well-tested, clean, maintainable code
Entrepreneurial mindset: creative, focused, and not easily discouraged
Passionate about designing, building and shipping high quality products
Benefits

We are a small team and give the opportunity for you to be proactive and help shape the company. We offer salary and equity compensation.

We are seeking experienced engineers excited by this opportunity. If this sounds interesting, we would love to hear from you.
Diesen Job melden