WORKING STUDENT IT (M/F/D)
Procter & Gamble
Kronberg
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

Our Working Student program is a great opportunity to gain practical knowledge alongside your studies, and P&G offers this!

In a working student engagement with P&G, you are expected to work 20 hours/week, hence working part time along with focusing on your university subjects as well.

Get an opportunity to support and deliver tasks on ongoing IT Projects in the following areas:

Application Management

Platform Management

Network Management

Data Analysis and more

During your work student experience, get hands on experience with projects and get a chance to be a part of collaborative global teams to deliver a bigger vision, while gaining knowledge and guidance from the experts themselves.

WHAT WE OFFER

Continuous mentorship: you will work with motivated people and receive day-to-day mentoring from your manager.

We love flexibility and support your studying. You can arrange your work schedule based on your personal needs.

Multifaceted and supportive work environment: employees are at the core, we value every individual and support initiatives, promoting agility and truly supporting your work/life balance and long-term well-being.


Qualifications



WE ARE LOOKING FOR:

Enrolled at a German University working towards your Bachelor / Master, preferably in an IT related subject (Computer Science, Business Information Systems) or Management fields

Minimum finished 3rd semester of Bachelor

Proficiency in English language

Thorough as well as independent and structured way of working

Great level of organisation

Ability to demonstrate leadership by approaching and solving challenges

Team oriented, with a “can do“ attitude and ability to deliver breakthrough results

Creative, innovative, strong in your initiative, follow-through, communication, and priority-setting

Able to play a key role and influence across levels and functions

APPLICATION TIPS

To optimally prepare for our online assessments & interviews, make sure you fully understand our application process

Please upload all documents mentioned below in the "CV/Resume" field. Incomplete applications may lead to delays in the application process.

To make your application stand out, ensure your letter of motivation is unique for the position you apply for. If you can replace the company name and/or position with any other, it is not unique.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS

CV as a separate document

Cover letter for the specific role you are applying

Copy of A-level (Baccalaureate) grades as well as a Copy of Bachelor and Master (if applicable) diploma and transcript

Copy of relevant work, internship and volunteering certificates or reference letters.

Please upload all documents in the "CV/Resume" field. Incomplete applications may lead to delays in the recruitment process.

ABOUT P&G

P&G is a leading global consumer goods company whose winning brands are built around the model of innovation. Whatever your passion is, we want to ignite your potential to become your very best self. We hold true to our purpose, values and principles as we seek to make a difference in the world around us. You will engage in meaningful work that will touch the lives of others and have a real impact.

Everything at P&G starts with understanding - understanding our consumers and our employees as we innovate to improve lives now and for generations to come.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender, sexual orientation, sexual identification, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected factor.

To ensure that everybody who is interested in joining our team has equal opportunity and ability to start that journey, we have made sure our hiring process is flexible and accessible. From the application to interviews, our team will adapt to your needs and what works best to help you show us your best. To learn more about the P&G Disability Accommodation process, click here.

Job locations:
Kronberg, Hesse, Germany; Schwalbach am Taunus, Hesse, Germany Job Type: Part time Job categories: Information Technology Req No: R000064580
Diesen Job melden