Project Manager. Data team
Distribusion Technologies GmbH
13355 Berlin
Vollzeit
Schnellbewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
What we offer

Competitive salary
Virtual Stock Option Plan based on performance
Relocation assistance to Berlin
Growth within a rapidly expanding global company
A true culture of meritocracy

Who you are

2+ years of project management experience
Prior experience as a Product Manager or System analyst with delivery skills / responsibilities
Basic SQL knowledge
Proven personal impact on projects, showcasing how your involvement has positively influenced project outcomes
Ability to communicate business values & goals into system design and requirements
Strong English communication skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Cybernetics, Engineering etc. or equivalent experience (optional, but a plus)


What you'll do

Participate in roadmap building: conduct discovery processes, identify gaps, reconcile conflicts, and decompose high-level information into details to drive decision-making, bringing your own perspective and ideas to the table, convert ideas into signed-off projects [approx. 20% of your time]
Fully own & drive mission-critical data team projects: work closely with developers and stakeholders, ensuring on-time, in-full delivery [approx. 60% of your time]
Work on backlogs, contribute to our documentation to improve the usability of the system for internal & external stakeholders [approx. 20% of your time]


About us

We are the world’s leading ground transportation marketplace and give travellers seamless access to ground transportation online, from search to ticket purchase. We have built a cutting-edge B2B technology platform that connects bus, rail and ferry operators in 70+ countries with the biggest online retailers including Google Maps and Booking.com.

We are shaping the future of travel and building the largest global network of transport providers and retailers. Having grown 10x in the past year, we are one of the fastest growing startups in travel. Backed by three leading VCs (Creandum, Northzone and Lightrock), and now, following our recent €30 m Series B, we are ready to push beyond.

Do you want to work in an advanced tech environment and have an impact on millions of travellers around the globe? Come join us!

Our impact on the society and the environment:

There are still 100m tickets sold offline every day. We are making ground transportation more online accessible and more convenient to use for millions of travellers. Transportation accounts for nearly 20% of global CO2 emissions, and each trip booked via Distribusion’s platform that substitutes a more pollutive and congested mode of transport such as taxi, private car, or plane, directly contributes to reducing global carbon emissions.

Diesen Job melden