Research Scientist
RWS
10719 Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

What we do: SDL Machine Translation and Iconic Translation Machines have come together to provide the world's most powerful, comprehensive and adaptable neural machine translation platform - Language Weaver. We provide secure enterprise machine translation solutions, adapted to our businesses content - empowering our customers to communicate without language barriers.

Language Weaver is an award-winning proprietary technology which grew from research labs across the world, to the workflows of global enterprises. Its core function is to integrate with content intelligence applications to minimize the effort required to translate multilingual content.

Language Weaver is part of RWS, a world-leading provider of technology-enabled language, content management and intellectual property services. We help our clients to connect with and bring new ideas to people globally, by communicating business critical content at scale and enabling the protection and realisation of their innovations.





What you will do: As a Research Scientist, you will discover, design and implement solutions to interesting problems at the intersection of AI and software engineering. As well as your strong knowledge of machine learning and natural language processing to build next-generation products you will also:





Work alongside a 150 strong, friendly team of experienced researchers to develop Machine Translation and Artificial Intelligence products and services
Improve the quality of our Machine Translation models across a wide range of languages
Develop state-of-the-art adaptation capabilities, including techniques for life-long learning
Build and improve Machine Translation Quality Estimation models suitable for many languages, domains and use cases
Apply your machine learning and NLP expertise to the development of a variety of text processing capabilities (such as Summarization, Named Entity Recognition, Text Generation, etc.)

What we are looking for: We are looking for talented, collaborative and creative people whose expertise and knowledge of algorithms, data structures and software development can help build next-generation products and platforms.




Key skill requirements:


PhD or equivalent experience in computer science, engineering, statistics, machine learning, mathematics, or in another highly quantitative field.
Depth and breadth in state-of-the-art approaches in Machine Translation and Natural Language Processing.
Demonstrable relevant academic research or industry experience.
Scientific mindset and the ability to invent.
Excellent creative problem-solving skills.
Ability to design and develop system prototypes in simulation.
Effective working in a team environment.

Great to have’s:

Superior communication and data presentation skills.
Ability to lead research projects and identify fruitful research directions.
Be comfortable to work on cross-functional teams.
Experience with applying scientific principles.

What you will get in return: Aside from a competitive salary and outstanding benefits, you will be working for a team that nurtures, enables and trusts. We are committed to ensuring all our employees work in an environment that promotes teamwork, diversity and personal progression....... If you are looking for cutting edge tech, a company that nurtures and enables - come and join our team today and begin your new journey with us!




Life at RWS: We work hard together to deliver for our customers; our expertise, professionalism and determination to never let others down drives us to be passionate and serious about what we do, deliver customer value, yet always adding a human touch.
As a company focused on connecting people through language, diversity and inclusion are fundamental to our company culture. RWS is an Equal Opportunities Employer and we are committed in ensuring that all employees work in an environment free from all forms of harassment and discrimination and one that actively promotes teamwork, diversity and trust. All employees have a right to be treated with respect and dignity. RWS operate in a manner for the inclusion of all - any form of discrimination is expressly prohibited. Employees are selected and promoted on merit alone and no other factors whether race, gender, age, religion, marital status, gender identity or disability are taken into consideration. We are proud to work in a company where all can succeed and grow their career and while RWS operates in accordance with all local employment laws, if local law enables any form of discrimination this is against RWS company policy, and we will adhere to the highest standard.




Equal Opportunity: RWS embraces diversity and promotes equal opportunity, we are an Equal Opportunity Employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. RWS is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at RWS are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, religion, nationality, ethnicity, sex, age, disability or sexual orientation. RWS will not tolerate discrimination based on any of these characteristics.


Category
Research & Data Science
Job Type
Full-time
Diesen Job melden