Research assistant for the area of software development
Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
Dresden
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

The Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (www.fraunhofer.com) currently operates 76 institutes and research institutions throughout Germany and is the world’s leading applied research organization. Around 30 000 employees work with an annual research budget of 2.9 billion euros.

Adaptivity is an indispensable property for the networked world of tomorrow. Intelligent components can detect and evaluate changes in the environment or in the system itself and adapt to them independently. As a partner of industry, Fraunhofer IIS/EAS develops key technologies for adaptive systems at the Dresden site with approximately 110 employees and offers innovative and robust solutions




What you will do

Software development in exciting research areas is an interesting topic for you?





Then we have the right thing for you!




We can offer you the following exciting fields of work:

Development of GUIs for complex software systems, e.g. for visualization and analysis of large data sets
Development of concepts for automated extraction of data sets from development environments for circuit design
Automation of design processes and coupling of tools in circuit design
Efficient storage and processing of large data sets with consideration of recoverability



What you bring to the table

Completed scientific university studies in computer science, technical computer science or a comparable field of study.
Knowledge of programming languages such as Python, Java, C++ as well as libraries for efficient 3D rendering
Experience in the development of modular user software based on modern software development methods
Knowledge of data management concepts



What you can expect

Work-life balance through flexible working hours
An open and cooperative working environment in exciting fields of application
Challenging and varied tasks in a committed and interdisciplinary team
An attractive and varied range of further training opportunities



We value and promote the diversity of our employees' skills and therefore welcome all applications - regardless of age, gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion, ideology, disability, sexual orientation and identity. Severely disabled persons are given preference in the event of equal suitability.




Appointment, remuneration and social security benefits based on the public-sector collective wage agreement (TVöD). Additionally Fraunhofer may grant performance-based variable remuneration components. The weekly working time is 39 hours. The position can also be filled on a part-time basis. The position is limited to 2 years.




With its focus on developing key technologies that are vital for the future and enabling the commercial utilization of this work by business and industry, Fraunhofer plays a central role in the innovation process. As a pioneer and catalyst for groundbreaking developments and scientific excellence, Fraunhofer helps shape society now and in the future.




Interested?




Apply online now.




We look forward to getting to know you!


Do you have any questions? Then contact: personal@eas.iis.fraunhofer.de.

Fraunhofer Institute for Integrated Circuits IIS




Requisition Number: 6422 Application Deadline: none

Diesen Job melden