(Senior) Manager Data Science (m/f/d), Business Analytics & Insights – Germany
Pfizer
10785 Berlin
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
(Senior) Manager Data Science (m/f/d), Business Analytics & Insights – Germany
Pfizer - 10785 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
All over the world, Pfizer colleagues work together to positively impact health for everyone, everywhere. Our colleagues have the opportunity to grow and develop a career that offers both individual and company success; be part of an ownership culture that values diversity and where all colleagues are energized and engaged; and the ability to impact the health and lives of millions of people. Pfizer, a global leader in the biopharmaceutical industry, is continuously seeking top talent who are inspired by our purpose to innovate to bring therapies to patients that significantly improve their lives.
Right now, we are seeking highly qualified candidates to fill the position:
(Senior) Manager Data Science (m/f/d), Business Analytics & Insights – Germany
About the role:
The Business Analytics & Insights (BAI) Group harnesses the power of data to drive robust analytical insights that inform some of Pfizer's most critical business questions. With colleagues across the globe, BAI’s rigorous analytical expertise is depended on as the compass and decision support for the enterprise. Our dynamic, exciting team of subject-matter experts comes from diverse backgrounds and experiences, including market research, data science, digital analytics, finance, and consulting. As a team, we partner to turn data into meaningful insights that will have a direct impact on patient's lives and the future of Pfizer as a data-driven organization.
The person in this role is accountable for delivering data science projects in Germany.
The person will partner with BAI, Commercial and Medical teams, to develop and implement models and data-science derived insights that drive Germany strategic priorities. This will include executing and interpreting AI/ML models, framing problems, shaping solutions.
Also, this person will help shape the brands’ strategies and tactics by interfacing closely with Data Science COEs and leveraging capabilities that have been developed around bespoke AI/ML models, and interface closely with omnichannel-operations to drive execution.
This role is dynamic, fast-paced, highly collaborative, and covers a broad range of strategic topics that are critical to our business. The successful candidate will join BAI colleagues worldwide that are constantly supporting business transformation through their proactive thought leadership, innovative analytical capabilities, and their ability to communicate highly complex and dynamic information in new and creative ways.
About you:
Bachelor’s degree required, ideally in quantitative discipline like engineering or data science; also advanced degree preferred in business administration, statistics, or other relevant field
Hands on deep expertise with machine learning models, proficiency in: Python/R and at least one of visualization tools Tableau/Qlik/Power BI/Dash
Expertise in common supervised and unsupervised machine learning models and its best applications
Working knowledge of Dataiku DSS is a great plus
Strong MS Excel and PowerPoint skills
Fluent in English (written and spoken), German would be a plus
Work experience in data science function, country strategy and/or strategic consulting
Preferred experience in understanding pharmaceutical commercial product lifecycle, its strategy, and tactics
Experience in management of secondary data with application of real-world data
Together we stand for:
Breakthroughs that change patients' lives – In order to fulfill our corporate purpose, a value-oriented corporate culture guides our actions. Pfizer's values are: Courage, Excellence, Equity & Joy.
Courage: One bold way we are achieving our goals is our company-wide digital transformation strategy. Our flat hierarchies enable short decision-making paths.
Excellence: We focus on what is really important, take responsibility, measure progress and work together in a spirit of trust. Together we rely on an agile way of working that encourages our employees to balance their private and work lives and to promote personal development.
Equity: We believe that different experiences are valuable, which is why every opinion is heard and valued. These experiences and opinions enrich the entire company. In this way, we promote a diverse and inclusive working environment in which colleagues in various Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) working groups such as, e.g. Engage Empowered Women, LGBT*IQ , DisAbility, X-Gen.
Joy: If we experience our work as meaningful, we get a lot in return. We achieve this by being proud of the contribution we make, appreciating each other and sharing this with joy and recognition. Our BRAVO Award program gives us an appreciative opportunity to do so. Our employees benefit from a comprehensive company health management "Pfizer in Balance" also during working hours.
Living our values extends well-beyond the workplace, you get the opportunity to support people in need and to carry out our efforts around diversity, inclusion & equity, environmental sustainability and against any form of exclusion through volunteering e.g., during our annual engagement days.
For us, it goes without saying that we offer fair remuneration in accordance with the IG BCE framework collective agreement, as well as a pension scheme and many other attractive benefits.
Visit our website for more Information at:
Arbeiten bei Pfizer Deutschland
If you have any questions please contact Cathleen Steffen (Manager Candidate Experience):
cathleen.steffen@pfizer.com
#LI-PFE
#LI-Remote
„Breakthroughs that change patients’ lives“ - Unser klares Unternehmensziel ist es, Durchbrüche zu erreichen, die das Leben von PatienInnen verändern. Sie sind der Sinn unseres Tuns. Wenn Sie Teil dieser Vision sein wollen und die gleiche Leidenschaft teilen, ist Pfizer der ideale Ort, um eine Karriere zu beginnen oder um eine erfolgreich fortzusetzen.
Überzeugt?
Dann freuen wir uns über Ihre Online-Bewerbung mit vollständigen und aussagekräftigen Unterlagen (Anschreiben, Lebenslauf und Dateien wie Zeugnisse u.ä. können Sie unter „Meine Berufserfahrung" unter Ihrem Lebenslauf hinzufügen und hochladen).

Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir aus Datenschutzgründen ausschließlich Bewerbungen über unsere Plattform annehmen können.

Pfizer garantiert Chancengleichheit während des gesamten Bewerbungsprozesses sowie die Einhaltung der lokalen Gesetzgebungen in den jeweiligen Ländern, in denen Pfizer agiert. Pfizer schließt jegliche diskriminierende Faktoren aus, die u. a. das Geschlecht und Alter, die ethnische Zugehörigkeit, Religion oder Weltanschauung, sexuelle Orientierung oder Behinderung betreffen.
Marketing and Market Research
Diesen Job melden