Internship/Thesis (m/f/d) Data Analysis and Process Simulation/Optimization
ABB
Ladenburg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Internship/Thesis (m/f/d) Data Analysis and Process Simulation/Optimization
Take your next career step at ABB with a global team that is energizing the transformation of society and industry to achieve a more productive, sustainable future. At ABB, we have the clear goal of driving diversity and inclusion across all dimensions: gender, LGBTQ+, abilities, ethnicity and generations. Together, we are embarking on a journey where each and every one of us, individually and collectively, welcomes and celebrates individual differences.


Would you like to get a glimpse behind the scenes of an international, future-focused company? Come and join us as a working student (m/f/d). In this way, you will gain valuable practical experience and perform a range of day-to-day tasks as a fully integrated member of the team while still a student. After that, we can offer some attractive prospects to get your career started.

Your responsibilities

You are interested in the domain of data analytics, machine learning, numerical simulation, or process simulation.
You will work on data analytics for industrial applications or development of numerical simulation for process automation.
You will develop mainly python packages for industrial use cases or applications based on our existing libraries and open source libraries.
You will also develop python-based web applications for demonstrating the algorithms and results.
Close collaboration with our scientists, you will help to design, analyze, and test our software prototypes and algorithms.
We expect that you show above-average motivation to develop demonstrators and software prototypes and proactiveness to come up with new concepts and ideas on how to overcome possible challenges.

Your background

You are currently enrolled in applied mathematics, physics, computer science, data science, engineering, or similar knowledge from software development.
You have a sound knowledge in Python and shell scripting and a good knowledge in data analytics libraries, such as Tensorflow, Scikit-Learn, Numpy, etc.
You are self-motivated and able to work independently.
You have fluent English skills in writing and speaking.
You are familiar with Linux system, which is a plus.

More about us

We will employ you as a working student (m/f/d) for several months, enabling you to gain hands-on experience. You can help to devise your weekly working schedule of up to 20 hours in partnership with your department. Interested? Then we look forward to receiving your informative application (cover letter, CV, certificate of enrolment, current transcript of grades and other supporting documents) through our online careers tool.

Diesen Job melden