PostDoc position (f_m_x) - Aggregation and exploration of large climate data sets [english]
Deutsches GeoForschungsZentrum - GFZ
Potsdam
Vollzeit, Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Teilzeit
The Helmholtz Centre Potsdam – GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences is the national centre for geosphere research. As a member of the Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres we are part of the largest scientific organization in Germany. With approximately 1,500 employees our key mission is to secure a profound understanding of the systems and processes of solid Earth, to develop strategies and options for action in addressing global change and its impacts on a regional level, to understand natural hazards and to minimize associated risks, to ensure the sustainable provision of energy and raw materials for a high-tech society and to evaluate the influence of human activity on system Earth.
For section 1.3 Earth System Modelling (department “Geodesy”), we are offering a:
PostDoc position (f_m_x) - Aggregation and exploration of large climate data sets
Reference Number 7806

We are searching for a PostDoc candidate to improve the usability of large climate data sets. The project will help to make future climate ensemble simulations more efficient by removing redundant information in a physically consistent way. The Earth System Modelling Section at GFZ is responsible for the development of numerical models of large-scale mass transport processes in the Earth’s geosphere. The successful candidate is expected to perform a wide range of numerical simulations as well as physically constrained data science and data analysis tasks.

Your responsibilities:
Develop physics based nonlinear aggregation of large climate model ensemble data
Design, execute, and evaluate scenarios to establish the limits of the aggregation method
Improve the robustness and usability of the aggregation method
Statistical analysis of residuals and forecast errors arising from deficits in the aggregation method and its application
Collaborative work in a highly interdisciplinary and international team
Presentation of your results at international conferences and project meetings
Publication of your results in international scientific journals
Your qualifications:
Master`s degree or equivalent and PhD degree in physics, meteorology, geosciences, or a related field
Strong skills in scientific programming with Python or R and Fortran
Experience with numerical Earth system models
Good command of English language

What we offer:
Ambitious and varied tasks in a dynamic and international research environment
State-of-the-art equipment
Public service benefits
Extensive training opportunities
Professional career advice offered by our in-house Career-Centre
Flexible working hours and conditions
Support with finding a good work-life balance offered by benefit@work
Institute day-care centre on site
Working at the Albert Einstein science park on the Telegrafenberg in Potsdam
Work place within walking distance of Potsdam main train station, or just a short ride on the shuttle bus

Start date: As soon as possible
Fixed-term: 24 months
Salary: The position is classed as salary group 13 according to “TVöD Bund (Tarifgebiet Ost)”. The salary group is determined on the basis of the Collective Wage Agreement and the respective personal qualifications.
Working hours: Full-time (currently 39 h/week); The position is generelly suitable for part-time work.
Place of work: Potsdam

Have we piqued your interest?
If so, we look forward to receiving your application by 18 th June 2023. Please use our online application form only.
Apply

Diversity and equal opportunities are integral components of our human resources policy. The GFZ actively promotes diversity and explicitly welcomes applications from all qualified individuals, regardless of ethnic and social origin, nationality, gender, sexual orientation and identity, religion/belief, age and physical characteristics. Anyone who has been recognized as severely disabled, will be given preferential consideration in the event of equal suitability and qualification in accordance with the provisions of the German Social Code IX. If you have any questions, please contact our representative for the severely disabled at sbv[at]gfz-potsdam.de, who will be happy to assist you in the further application process. In case of further queries regarding gender equality, please do not hesitate to contact our Equal Opportunities Officer at gba[at]gfz-potsdam.de.

Your personal data will be processed for the purpose of conducting the selection procedure on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 b, Art. 88 GDPR in conjunction with Art. 26 of the Data Protection Act for the State of Brandenburg. After completion of the procedure, application documents will be deleted in compliance with data protection regulations.

In case of any further queries relating to the field of activity, please contact Dr. Jan Saynisch-Wagner via email at jan.saynisch-wagner@gfz-potsdam.de. If you have any general questions about the application process, please contact our recruiting team at our phone number +49 (0) 331-6264-28787.
Diesen Job melden