Senior Data Analyst Aftersales
smart Automobile
Leinfelden-Echterdingen
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Senior Data Analyst, Aftersales (f/m/d)




We are the brand for forward-thinkers. We celebrate challenging conventions and shaping the future of electric mobility. We focus on the essentials to bring perfection to customers. We make urban life more enjoyable and entertain our customers with new impulses.




Ever since smart exists, we rewrite the automotive industry’s rulebook. In the 1990s, we undermined the predominant philosophy of ‘bigger is better’ and designed a revolutionary car. Since 2020 we are the first car enterprise that switched to 100% electric! We aim to transform into a leading player in urban premium, electric & connected mobility provider.




Are you a forward thinker too? Then join us now!




Your responsibilities

In your role as “Senior Data Analyst” you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and monitoring our analytics toolkit:




You will develop interactive and visually appealing reports using PowerBI
You will design and map data models with e.g. SQL or Python to shift raw data into meaningful insights
You will maintain and enhance Business Intelligence components (metadata, reports, metrics, dashboards)
You will participate in data modelling and business process analysis
You will lead the business community review of BI deployments
You will analyse our data to ensure consistency and integrity across all systems
You will be the Business Data Analyst counterpart delivering insightful reports for the Management
You understand business goals and advise decision/markers based on data to build sustainable and maintainable products
You are part of an agile, cross-functional team



What you bring along




You bring 3+ years of Data Analytics experience ideally in the fields of Aftersales
You have strong experience with SQL, Databases, Data Modelling
You bring strong experience with ETL/ELT tools like AWS Glue, Azure Data Factory, Databricks workflow, etc.
You bring good knowledge of cloud-based data tool stack (Data Lake, Data Bricks, DWH)
You are a problem solver, you organize yourself and you are always ready to find new and creative solutions
You possess excellent communication and presentation skills in English (German is a plus)
You bring a Bachelor degree in business, marketing, economics or relevant field
You are a candidate with qualifications from industry (Data Analytics/Data Science Bootcamps are very much welcomed to apply!)



We're building a workplace where amazing people like you can do their best work. Together with us, you enjoy the agile working atmosphere with cross-European responsibilities.




We're creating a culture where personal and professional growth are as important as business growth. Together with us, you'll build a diverse and inclusive environment where you feel you belong to.




We empower you to have ownership over work that directly impacts business. Together with us, you move fast and learn even faster; we emphasize on people and diversity. Due to our really diverse team, we expressly welcome applications from people with disabilities.

Diesen Job melden