Several Interdisciplinary PhD Positions (f/m/d) at Heidelberg University
Universität Heidelberg
69117 Heidelberg
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
The Heidelberg Graduate School of Mathematical and Computational Methods for the Sciences ( HGS MathComp ) at Heidelberg University is the leading graduate school in Germany that focuses on the complex topic of Scientific Computing. Located in a vibrant research environment, the school offers a uniquely structured interdisciplinary education for PhD students. HGS MathComp has 18 open PhD positions in the general research areas of Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, Biology, Chemistry, and Life Sciences.





Scope and duration of the PhD positions:

Three-year contract with the possibility of extension
Salary according to TV-L E13 level; contract details depend on research project
Faculty/department affiliation according to research group
Start: October 1, 2023, unless otherwise stated below
Application details: see bottom of page

PhD positions are available for the following PhD project topics:

Immersed interface methods for the simulation of cell movement

Research group: Mathematical Methods of Simulation
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Guido Kanschat
Start: Position available immediately
Additional information: Joint project with Prof. Dr. Christine Selhuber-Unkel at IMSEAM; depending on focus, Dr. rer. nat. or Dr-Ing. possible

Multiscale Methods and Localized Model Reduction for Convection-Dominated Problems and Applications in Climate Modelling

Research group: Numerical Analysis and Uncertainty Quantification
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Robert Scheichl
Additional information: In collaboration with Prof. Dr. Jörn Behrens and Dr. Sanam Vardag.

Modeling and simulation of thermochemical energy conversion processes for the flexible use of hydrogen-based renewable fuels

Research group: Multiphase Flows and Combustion
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Eva Gutheil
Start: September 16 or October 1, 2023

Transformer-based cell tracking in virology

Research group: Image Analysis and Learning
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Fred Hamprecht
Start: Position available immediately
Additional Information: The aim is to develop software that biologists will really be able to use. The project entails a large software component, and the ideal candidate brings experience in full stack software development, a deep understanding of machine learning, and a passion to help address some of humanity′s greatest challenges by working closely with virologists from SFB 1129. We are a small and friendly team that has previously made real contributions to the bioimage analysis community (ilastik, plantseg).

Geometric machine learning in quantum chemistry: learning kinetic energy density functionals

Research group: Image Analysis and Learning
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Fred Hamprecht
Start: Position available immediately
Additional information: If successful, this project will enable a breakthrough in the computational cost of quantum chemical calculations. A solid understanding of quantum mechanics and machine learning are required. We are a small and friendly team and work on this exciting project together with the lab of Prof. Dr. Andreas Dreuw in the simplaix consortium.

Modelling cytoadhesion of malaria-infected red blood cells

Research group: Schwarz group, theoretical biophysics
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Ulrich Schwarz
Start: Position available immediately
Additional information: A background in hydrodynamics and/or molecular dynamics would be helpful. This project is funded by SFB 1129 (integrative analysis of pathogen replication and spread).

Traction force microscopy for biological cells in three dimensions

Research group: Schwarz group, theoretical biophysics
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Ulrich Schwarz
Start: Position available immediately
Additional information: A background in continuum mechanics and inverse problems would be helpful. This project is funded by the excellence cluster 3DMM2O.

Domain Uncertainty Quantification

Research group: UQ and Scientific Machine Learning
Supervisor: Jun. Prof. Dr. Jakob Zech
Additional information: Applicants should possess a strong background in mathematics, ideally with a focus on PDEs. Experience with machine learning is also highly beneficial. Postdocs are welcome.

Machine Learning for Programming (2 PhD positions)

Research group: Parallel and Distributed Systems (PVS)
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Artur Andrzejak
Start: September 1 or October 1, 2023 for one position, later start possible for second position
Additional information: Research fields are ML/AI-based approaches for code-to-code translation, vulnerability detection, performance optimization, and AI-assisted programming. Background and experience in deep learning for NLP and/or source code analysis are a plus. Postdocs are welcome. Very good command of the German language is a requirement for at least one of these positions.

Model based AI: Physics Informed Neural Networks (fundamental research)

Research group: Data Analysis and Modeling in Medicine
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Jürgen Hesser
Additional information: Background in mathematics with experience in machine learning and PDEs or computer science with good background in machine learning (ideally physics informed neural networks) but also with a good math background

Machine Learning and Model-based controller (applied research)

Research group: Data Analysis and Modeling in Medicine
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Jürgen Hesser
Additional information: Background in machine learning (must) and model-based controllers (beneficial): mathematics, computer science or engineering (such as electrical engineering, robotics)

Biomedical Modeling with PDEs and Machine Learning (applied research) (2 PhD positions)

Research group: Data Analysis and Modeling in Medicine
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Jürgen Hesser
Additional information: Background in PDEs (mathematics or computer science) and machine learning

Magnetic Resonance Imaging: AI based patient-specific MRI acquisition optimization

Research group: Medical Physics in Radiology, DKFZ
Supervisors: Prof. Dr. Mark Ladd / PD Dr. Tristan Anselm Kuder
Start: Position available immediately

Magnetic Resonance Imaging: Sequence development for a local breast gradient coil

Research group: Medical Physics in Radiology, DKFZ
Supervisors: Prof. Dr. Mark Ladd / PD Dr. Tristan Anselm Kuder
Start: Position available immediately

New numerical schemes and parallel algorithms in scientific computing (2 PhD positions)

Research group: Application Specific Computing
Supervisor: Prof. Dr. Robert Strzodka
Start: Positions available immediately
Additional information

Required documents:

CV
Letter of motivation
Most recent or final transcript of records
Names and contact information of three references






All documents must be uploaded as one PDF via our application portal.




Deadline for applications: July 15, 2023





There will be interviews between the group leaders and potential candidates to discuss the specifics of the respective positions.




If you have any questions, please contact hgs@iwr.uni-heidelberg.de. Please note that applications will only be accepted via the application portal, not via email.




Heidelberg University stands for equal opportunities and diversity. Qualified female candidates are especially invited to apply. Persons with severe disabilities will be given preference if they are equally qualified. Information on job advertisements and the collection of personal data is available at www.uni-heidelberg.de/en/job-market.

Diesen Job melden