Frontend Developer (m/f/d)
Lyntics
Homeoffice
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
The Role

As Frontend Developer at Lyntics, you are responsible for optimizing existing and implementing new product features and winning our users with your brilliantly engineered applications. You will work with React, Typescript, HTML5 & SCSS, to create state-of-the-art data solutions. You will further work on our in-house developed components library that is being used across teams & applications.

Join an ambitious team that uses the latest frontend architecture and develops methodologies, network graphs, as well as best-in-class visualizations for complex data structures and our own component libraries and CLI tools.

Your Mission

Identify improvement opportunities for existing features to continuously improve the user experience
Improve the design, appearance, and usability of our product
Collaborate with product management to create modern, intuitive frontend designs
Implement new features in collaboration with the backend team
Conduct code analyses to recommend changes to policies and procedures
Work in a team environment with shared code, disciplined use of source code control, and process documentation

Your Profile

You have at least 1 year of experience in frontend development, especially with React, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS/SCSS preprocessors
You have a degree in computer science or a related field
You have a passion for developing UX-driven web applications
You feel comfortable in agile environments and know how to use tools such as Git, Bitbucket, Jira, Confluence, VSCode, Docker, Notion
You could already gather some experience in fast-paced environments, e.g. early-stage startups
You are fluent in English (at least C1) and possess strong communication skills

Why Lyntics

As a team member at Lyntics you will benefit from:

Flexible working conditions (remote, hybrid, and on-site)
An exciting full-time position in an innovative and future-oriented environment
Healthy snacks and complimentary drinks in our Munich office
An ambitious and helpful team as well as regular after-work events
Join us in shaping the future of data literacy, we look forward to meeting you!

About us

We at Lyntics are pioneers – we never stop exploring.

Our Vision: We are the world's first digital data expert that empowers everyone to turn data into real business value. Our pioneering technology makes data knowledge accessible, scalable, and understandable in seconds.

Our mission: We are making the knowledge of a few data experts instantly accessible to everyone in the organization.

Diesen Job melden