Data scientist in clinical computational proteomics (m/f/d)
Universit채tsklinikum Heidelberg
69120 Heidelberg
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Pr채ferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Project description: Proteins are the main drivers of cell function and disease, and therefore proteomics is a highly suitable technique to characterize determinants of cell identity and to identify biomarkers. Current proteomic technology has the breadth to profile thousands of proteins and the sensitivity to access single cells, however it lacks the throughput for meaningful analysis of large sample cohorts both in basic research and the clinic. Therefore, this project aims to develop novel artificial intelligence (AI)-based approaches for the analysis of mass spectrometric (MS) data, to assign plasma proteomic data to clinical status, and to correlate single-cell data to cell identity. In addition, we will perform proteomic experiments to show that this deep learning-driven approach enhances throughput of plasma and single-cell proteome analysis. Collectively, this project will introduce a disruptive approach in proteomics to enable patient stratification and biomarker discovery, and to advance the young field of single-cell proteomics.

The project is a collaboration of the Brinker and Krijgsveld Groups merging the expertise of medical computer vision (Brinker Group) and proteomics (Krijgsveld Group).
Job-ID:
V000011339
Field of application:
Zentrum f체r Infektiologie
Location:
Heidelberg
Start date:
as soon as possible
Job Category:
Science and teaching
Working hours:
full-time
Published:
05.06.2023
Limitation:
Temporary (2 years)
Contract:
TV-L
Job description

As a data scientist at the Brinker Group, your responsibility entails the technical implementation of proof-of-principle experiments. This includes:

Exploring appropriate representations of raw mass spectrometry data for end-to-end deep learning approaches. Developing and implementing deep learning pipelines to analyze these representations and assess their ability to extract valuable information for clinically relevant tasks^ Investigating the feasibility of applying these pipelines to faster mass spectrometry measurements to evaluate their potential for higher throughput.




Your role involves conducting research and hands-on implementation to advance the field of deep learning in mass spectrometry analysis, with a focus on improving efficiency and extracting meaningful insights for clinical applications.
Prerequisites
Candidates should have a background in data science / computer science / informatics.
Candidates should be interested in current approaches of mass spectrometry for proteomics and/or metabolomics, including principles and data structure for compound identification and quantification.
Favorably theoretical knowledge in one or more of the following: bioanalytical methods, biomarker discovery, cancer biology, personalized medicine, data modeling.
Good intercultural, interpersonal, communication and presentation skills.
We offer
Collectively agreed remuneration, attractive company pension scheme (VBL)
30 days vacation
Sustainable travel: job ticket
Family-friendly working environment: cooperative arrangements for childcare, subsidy for child vacation care, advice for employees with relatives in need of care
Wide range of health, prevention and sports offers
Contact & Application

For further information, please contact Dr. med. Titus Brinker via email or phone +49 151 75084347.

Applications will be accepted until 6 weeks after publication including a cover letter, a CV and names of two references via email.


Zentrum f체r Infektiologie
Prof. Dr. Jeroen Krijgsveld
Im Neuenheimer Feld 581
69120 Heidelberg
jeroen.krijgsveld@med.uni-heidelberg.de


Please note that the UKHD is subject to the provisions of the Infection Protection Act. Therefore, valid proof of measles immunity is required for all persons employed at the UKHD.

We stand for equal opportunities. Severely disabled persons are given priority in the case of equal suitability. The University Hospital aims to generally increase the proportion of women in all areas and positions in which women are underrepresented. Qualified women are therefore particularly encouraged to apply. Full-time positions are generally divisible, unless there are official or legal reasons to the contrary.

Diesen Job melden