Junior QA Engineer
Corsair
München
Vollzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit

Ahmeds tasks will include:




Take over the Elgato Reporter and provide Builds (Windows and MacOS) to the support teams
Take on the Analysis tooling for Elgato Support Infos
The Analyzer is being used for uploaded Support Infos in Zendesk
Can also be used to provide quick support to customers in the future
Maintain and improve the Analyzer
Build a Data pool out of the collected Data from Zendesk, Sentry, etc. about problematic system setups and common causes for issues -> Data Science
Start Machine Learning on the data pool to find new issues and new insights
Apply the analyzer also to the test automation results and logs created during the automated and manual testruns
Support Alex with the mentoring of the students
Continue on the topic of his masterthesis to build the scroll speed adjuster for the teleprompter (optional)


To sum it up, the main objective for Ahmed will be to provide data driven insights to bring the mean time to resolution of incoming issues down and/or avoid issues over all.




WHAT YOU WILL GET

Competitive compensation
A leadership team that cares about what success looks like for you and works with you to map out your career development and growth
Enjoy the freedom to express your creativity
Work in a team of positive, passionate, and capable peers who love to work hard and play hard together
International Team in Munich, California, and around the globe
Opportunity to flex your creativity in a booming, future-proof industry
Focus on personal development and training in any relevant discipline
Modern and comfortable offices in the center of Munich
Quarterly profit share bonus and discounts on Elgato, Corsair, Origin, and Scuf Gaming products
And of course: Great coffee and fresh orange juice on tap, fresh fruits, drinks, BBQ sessions on the terrace and/or catered team lunch on Fridays, and discounted lunch vouchers on other days.


WHO WE ARE

Elgato is the audiovisual tech brand of choice among content creators on all platforms. If you’ve watched videos on YouTube or Twitch, chances are, our products helped make them shine. Our mission is to empower content creators everywhere. Be part of the team that makes this happen.

In 2018, Elgato was acquired by Corsair, a provider of high-performance PCs and peripherals. Over the last three decades Corsair has cemented its leadership position in its key markets and continues to grow rapidly. As a semi-autonomous division of Corsair, we have engineering offices in Germany and California, and distribute our products in over eighty countries around the globe.

Elgato’s award winning product range combines cutting edge technologies with industry leading industrial design and user experiences to deliver an unparalleled level of performance to customers. Our focus is always on simplicity and enabling the best possible workflow for content creators.

GOOD TO KNOW

We provide a welcoming and inclusive environment for all, regardless of origin, ethnicity, gender identity, or religion.

Convince us with your personality and skills. Together we will achieve great things.

Diesen Job melden