Powertrain Data Engineering Internship (m/w/d) - Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg
Tesla
Grünheide (Mark)
Vollzeit, Praktikum
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Vollzeit
Praktikum
What to Expect
Location: Berlin (Grunheide)
Duration: 6 months
Time type: Full-time

Start date: July 2023
Tesla is accelerating the world's transition to sustainable energy. Revolutionary strategies and products were developed within a few years and successfully launched on a large scale. This is only possible through extraordinary speed, innovation, and efficiency.
Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg forms the perfect basis for rolling out Tesla's incredible success story in Europe. The most important pillar for this is our employees. Their passion, motivation and engagement ensure that we achieve our goals. We are looking for you to continue and expand this success story together.
At Tesla, we believe in the role of data to improve and accelerate our mission. The Powertrain Manufacturing organization at Gigafactory Berlin-Brandenburg employs a team of data experts to work side-by-side with managers, engineers, and associates.
We provide end-to-end solutions, which includes (i) setup and validation of data pipelines, (ii) design of data warehouses, as well as (iii) data analysis using interactive visualization, descriptive statistics and KPIs.
According to your talents, you will work on data engineering, data science or data analytics projects in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.
Your input will support the decisions made at this crucial stage of our factory ramp-up.
What You’ll Do
Build database abstraction layers, ORMs and APIs.
Design data pipelines in Apache Airflow, and verify their consistency, performance, and stability.
Verify and validate our virtual representation of the production lines with reality.
Take requirements and create reports and dashboards for stakeholders.
Communicate and defend your insights to a varied audience - including managers, engineers, shop-floor associates.
What You’ll Bring
Enrolled in a computer science degree or similar
Proficiency in imperative/functional/object-oriented Python
Experience with relational databases (MySQL/PostgreSQL/SQLite); experience with ORM tools is a plus
Embrace the Tesla spirit – move fast and learn from your mistakes.
Be analytical, learn constantly, and get things done
Experience with Scientific Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, NetworkX)
Experience with web development (HTML, CSS, Bootstrap)
Experience with dashboards and REST APIs (Flask/FastAPI, Plotly Dash)
Experience with data systems, e.g. Apache Airflow and Apache Kafka
Experience with software development practices, e.g. CI/CD and test coverage
Diesen Job melden