PhD candidate (f_m_x) Research on Properties of carbonate glasses at high pressure [english]
Deutsches GeoForschungsZentrum - GFZ
Potsdam
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
The Helmholtz Centre Potsdam – GFZ German Research Centre for Geosciences is the national centre for geosphere research. As a member of the Helmholtz Association of German Research Centres we are part of the largest scientific organization in Germany. With approximately 1,500 employees our key mission is to secure a profound understanding of the systems and processes of solid Earth, to develop strategies and options for action in addressing global change and its impacts on a regional level, to understand natural hazards and to minimize associated risks, to ensure the sustainable provision of energy and raw materials for a high-tech society and to evaluate the influence of human activity on system Earth.
For section Chemistry and Physics of Earth Materials (department “Geochemistry”), we are looking for a:
PhD candidate (f_m_x) Research on Properties of carbonate glasses at high pressure
Reference Number 7788

The project "Densities, structures and refractive indices of carbonate glasses at high pressure" is funded by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft. The dissertation will be submitted at the University of Potsdam.

Within the research group CLEAR we endeavor to understand large scale geological processes that operate deep inside planets. Our approach is to recreate high pressure-temperature conditions in the laboratory and examine various physical properties of geomaterials (minerals, rocks, glasses, and melts) in situ using state-of-the-art spectroscopic techniques. We then use these properties in collaboration with geodynamicists to create numerical models of planets.

We are looking for a highly motivated individual who wants to earn a PhD in geosciences and is interested in developing an expertise in spectroscopic measurements in a high-pressure device known as the diamond anvil cell. The primary research focus will be on the refractive index and density of carbonate glasses at high pressure with implications to the properties of carbonate melts in the Earth’s mantle. The successful candidate will also take active part in the ongoing research collaboration with the group of Prof. Björn Winkler (Goethe University Frankfurt/Main) to gain insights into the structure-property relation in carbonate glasses/melts at high pressure.

Your responsibilities:
Synthesis of carbonate glasses in the K2CO3-MgCO3 system
All-optical measurements of refractive index and density of carbonate glasses at high-pressure/temperature conditions
Proactive scientific interaction within the research group and with other groups at the GFZ
Report progress regularly at group meetings, domestic, and international conferences
Publication of the results in peer-reviewed journals
Develop competencies in teaching and supervision (as an assistant) of undergraduate students
Your qualifications:
Master's degree (or equivalent) in Geosciences, Physics, Chemistry, or a related discipline
Strong interest in geophysics and challenging experimental work
Basic knowledge of optical, infrared, and Raman spectroscopies
Proficiency in written and spoken English
Experience in diamond anvil cell or a related high-pressure technique is desirable
Basic programming skills would be beneficial
What we offer:
Ambitious and varied tasks in a dynamic and international research environment
State-of-the-art equipment
Public service benefits
Extensive training opportunities
Professional career advice offered by our in-house Career-Centre
Flexible working hours and conditions
Support with finding a good work-life balance offered by benefit@work
Institute day-care centre on site
Working at the Albert Einstein science park on the Telegrafenberg in Potsdam
Work place within walking distance of Potsdam main train station, or just a short ride on the shuttle bus

Start date: 1st October 2023
Fixed-term: 3 years
Salary: The position is classed as salary group 13 according to “TVöD Bund (Tarifgebiet Ost)”. The salary group is determined on the basis of the Collective Wage Agreement and the respective personal qualifications.
Working hours: Part-time 75% (currently 29.25 h/week)
Place of work: Potsdam

Have we piqued your interest?
If so, we look forward to receiving your application by 30 th July 2023. Please use our online application form only.
Apply
Diversity and equal opportunities are integral components of our human resources policy. The GFZ actively promotes diversity and explicitly welcomes applications from all qualified individuals, regardless of ethnic and social origin, nationality, gender, sexual orientation and identity, religion/belief, age and physical characteristics. Anyone who has been recognized as severely disabled, will be given preferential consideration in the event of equal suitability and qualification in accordance with the provisions of the German Social Code IX. If you have any questions, please contact our representative for the severely disabled at sbv[at]gfz-potsdam.de, who will be happy to assist you in the further application process. In case of further queries regarding gender equality, please do not hesitate to contact our Equal Opportunities Officer at gba[at]gfz-potsdam.de.

Your personal data will be processed for the purpose of conducting the selection procedure on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 b, Art. 88 GDPR in conjunction with Art. 26 of the Data Protection Act for the State of Brandenburg. After completion of the procedure, application documents will be deleted in compliance with data protection regulations.

In case of any further queries relating to the field of activity, please contact Dr. Sergey Lobanov either via email at sergey.lobanov@gfz-potsdam.de or phone +49 (0)331-6264-28607. If you have any general questions about the application process, please contact our recruiting team at our phone number +49 (0) 331-6264-28787.
Diesen Job melden