Senior Data Scientist (w/m/d)
Billie GmbH
Berlin
Zum Teil im Homeoffice
Festanstellung
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Festanstellung
Billie GmbH Berlin, Germany

Posted 5 days ago Permanent Competitive
We are Billie, the leading provider of Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) payment methods for businesses, offering B2B companies innovative digital payment services and modern checkout solutions. We are to create a new standard for business payments and have made it our mission to simplify the purchasing experience for all businesses making it a tool for growth. Our solutions are based on proprietary, machine-learning-supported risk models, fully digitized processes and a highly scalable tech platform. This makes us a deep-tech company building financial products, not the other way around. We love building simple and elegant solutions and we strive for automation and scalability.

The Opportunity

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will be part of the bigger decision science team, and will be contributing to the core decision areas - identification, risk and fraud domain, build experiments to test your hypothesis, perform in-depth analysis and investigation to understand debtors' behavioral patterns, and get your hands on practical experience in ML by building and implementing models and algorithms across different portfolios.

This role will allow you to communicate your findings with the different stakeholders (Product, Engineering, and Business) and make an impact at Billie.

In This Role, You'll Get to
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, data science, and the presentation of analytics results to understand users' behavior, how it relates to Billie's strategy and products, and how to optimize it in order to achieve company and segment's targets
Build advanced predictive models to understand the impact of specific behaviors, trends, and patterns, both at individual and portfolio levels
Work as a part of cross-functional teams of data and software engineers, analysts, product managers, operations, and business leaders to optimize Billie's decision engine by improving its logics and algorithms, by introducing new data sources, and/or functionalities
Communicate data-informed insights and recommendations to key stakeholders, discuss requirements with engineering and product partners for efficient implementation, and drive the development of recommendations
What You'll Need To Succeed
6+ years of experience in a data driven role
Proficient in Python (pandas, scikit-learn, xgboost), R (tidyverse/tidymodels packages) and SQL (MySQL, Postgres, Snowflake)
Proven experience with general classification models (classical and deep learning). Experience with anomaly detection algorithms, graph networks
Experience with modern methodologies of explainable ML, results decomposition and interpretability
Experience with statistical hypotheses testing
Experience with DVC and similar MLOps tools (nice-to-have)
Practical experience in deployment and productionizing ML services: containerisation, event-driven architectures (optional)
Experience managing both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Strong problem solving capabilities coupled with business acumen and ability to translate business problems into analytical and technical requirements
Very good communication and data storytelling skills, ability to maximize the impact of the findings on decision-making, and cross-functional engagement
What we offer:
Flexible work hours and trust in your ability to deliver, empowering you to take control of your work-life balance
Hybrid working approach enabling a good balance working from home and the office
One of the best Virtual Shares Incentive Programs in the market, so that everyone at Billie is invested in our success
Our Catch a Ride with Billie program, that enables discounted access to Berlin Public Transport (BVG)
A yearly development budget to broaden your skill set and horizons
Free German group classes
An English-speaking, multicultural team with more than 46 nationalities
Great office space at Checkpoint Charlie with free gym access, barista coffee, drinks and more
Billie offers you the opportunity to be a part of one of the fastest-growing Fintech startups in Europe following the mission to innovate to create new freedom for businesses of all sizes. Our combined decades of experience in B2B Financing and Payments in a market thirsty for innovation and change make this a fantastic possibility to get into the most dynamic space in tech.

Join an international team of talented, passionate people where drive and merit matter. We work in nimble, cross-functional teams with open communication lines across the company. You'll be surrounded by smart people from a wide variety of backgrounds from which you can learn and that want to learn from you.

Are you ready to join Billie?

Billie is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment in our workplace. By embracing talents and abilities of all kinds, we aim to boost motivation and team creativity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, age, marital status, gender, political views, beliefs, sexual orientation, color, disability status, or any other demographic factors.



Job ID 6725210002

Diesen Job melden