Internship (m/f/div) /Thesis in IT Full Stack Development/Data Science/Data Engineering/Machine Learning
Evonik
Marl
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit
Schichten und Arbeitszeiten
Montag bis Freitag
What we offer
Explore a world of opportunities with us. Look ahead with us and help shape innovative solutions to make our world more sustainable and life healthier, more vibrant and more comfortable. At Evonik, you have the chance to explore, thrive, and grow alongside 33,000 colleagues. Among attractive career paths and high-quality development programs, we not only offer performance-based remuneration and occupational health benefits but also hybrid and flexible working environments with #SmartWork. Bring your fresh perspective, develop your strengths, break out your mold, and find a career that fits your dreams with us.

Click on the link below to learn what our employees have to say about Evonik:

https://careers.evonik.com/en/about/meet-the-team/
Responsibilities
Data analysis and preparation
Training of models
Development and implementation of proof of concepts
Project work
Requirements
Advanced studies (ideally master studies) with a background in information technology
First work experience (e.g. internships)
German and English language skills (written and spoken)
High level of teamwork and communication skills
Motivation and initiative
To ensure that your application is processed as quickly as possible and to protect the environment, please apply online via our career portal at https://careers.evonik.com.
Your Application

To ensure that your application is proceeded as quickly as possible and to protect the environment, please apply online via our
careers
portal
. Further information about Evonik as Employer can be found at
https://careers.evonik.com
.
Please address your application to the Talent Acquisition Manager, stating your earliest possible starting date and your salary expectations. If you have any questions regarding the application process, please call our Evonik Candidate Support at 0800 2386645 (Germany only) or +49 201 177 4200.
Your Talent Acquisition Manager:
Evelyn Nottenkämper
Company is
Evonik Industries AG
Diesen Job melden