Process Quality Engineer (all genders) In Berlin
MBition GmbH
10587 Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Process Quality Engineer (all genders) In Berlin
MBition GmbH - 10587 Berlin
Job
Unternehmen
Aufgaben

About Us







At MBition, we are bringing digital luxury to mobility users around the world. To accomplish this, we are redefining how software is developed within the automotive field as part of an international Mercedes-Benz software development network. As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, we develop and integrate the next generation of Mercedes-Benz in-car infotainment systems that are based on the Mercedes-Benz Operating System (MBOS). In addition, we are responsible for the Mercedes me companion app, we provide seamless & connected mobility experiences and we contribute to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) platform development. With offices in Berlin and Sofia, we are aiming to bring new generation of innovative infotainment systems across the globe.

Your Mission





As Process Quality Engineer you will work closely with our development teams and guide them towards achieving ourquality objectives. You will act as a process expert for our agile scaling framework “Way of Working” and will work closelywith Scrum Masters, Product Owners, and other Process Quality Engineers. Process Quality Engineers are an importantpillar of quality within our infotainment development effort that unites more than 300 internal and external teams toproduce a high-quality product.
In this role, you will ensure and support teams set up process tools and methods as per Way of Working. You will driveand participate in work product reviews, ensure that work products follow our Way of Working, and adhere torequirements from process models such as ASPICE, FuSa, or Cyber Security. You will develop and track project-specificcorrective action plans to follow up on non-conformances issues until resolved. In addition, you will work closely with ourprocess experts in teams and within suppliers to help them reach ASPICE and ISO requirements. This means highlightinggaps through audits or dashboards but also coaching the organization to develop a quality mindset and continuouslyimprove

Qualifikationen

Your Profile



Experience




1-3 years of relevant job experience as a Quality Engineer or Process Quality Engineer

automotive software development background and experience

experience in leading or supporting quality improvement initiatives

deep understanding of Quality Systems and industry requirements (IATF 16949, ISO 26262, ASPICE).

experience with agile methods and their implementation in automotive

strong and efficient oral, written, and comprehension English language skills.


Nice to have


Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a comparable qualification.

Project management experience

Experience with Data analytic and/or DevOps tools (Jenkins, Git, Artifactory) for review, tracking, and audits

Experience with Automotive APQP, DFMEA/PFMEA, Functional Safety

ASPICE Provisional Assessor / ISO 9001 Internal Auditor Certification.

Personal skills:

Excellent communication and people skills

Very good organizational skills

Assertiveness and a well-structured way of working.


Zusätzliche Informationen

Why us?






A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars

An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG

·Agile working methods and open feedback culture

A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarters)

Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)

Flexible working hours

Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more





Interested?



We look forward to receiving your complete application, including your CV (in English or German) and relevant referenceswith the following information:




Job title and reference number

Salary expectations

Earliest start date




You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!





You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.

Diesen Job melden