Academic research assistant (m/f/x)
Universität des Saarlandes
66123 Saarbrücken
Teilzeit
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung
Stellenbeschreibung
Keine passenden Job-Präferenzen
Anstellungsart
Teilzeit

Saarland University is a campus university with an international reputation for research excellence, particularly in

computer science and in the life sciences and nanosciences. The university is also distinguished by its close ties to

France and its strong European focus. Around 17,000 students, studying over one hundred different academic

disciplines, are currently enrolled at Saarland University. Saarland University is officially recognized as one of

Germany’s family-friendly higher-education institutions and with a combined workforce of more than 4000 it is one

of the largest employers in the region.

The research group for Integrative Cellular Biology and Bioinformatics is inviting applications for the following

position commencing at the earliest opportunity.

Academic research assistant (m/f/x)
Reference number W2315, salary in accordance with the German TV-L salary scale1, pay grade: E13, employment:

initially for 1 year with the option for extension, 75 % of standard working time.

Workplace/Department:

The state of each cell is regulated by the complex interplay of many different epigenetic mechanisms. This has crucial

implications for normal organism development and disease. Modern sequencing technology facilitates the genome-

wide characterization of the underlying regulatory factors.

The recently founded group for Integrative Cellular Biology and Bioinformatics (https://icb.uni-saarland.de/) is

developing and applying computational methods to dissect these molecular mechanisms that govern cell state in

development and disease. This requires the analysis and integration of large-scale, multi-omics datasets, and we

engage in interdisciplinary collaborations between molecular biology and computer science to drive cutting-edge

research at the intersection of epigenomics, biostatistics, algorithms and machine learning.

We are looking for a motivated and creative person to join our team.

The opportunity to pursue a PhD is provided, given that all requirements are met.

Job requirements and responsibilities:

Development and application of statistical and machine learning methods for the analysis and integration of
-omics data (including Bisulfite-seq, ATAC-seq, RNA-seq) at the bulk and single-cell level
Development of usable software for the interpretation of large biological datasets

1 TV-L = collective agreement on remuneration of public sector employees in the German Länder
The pay grade assigned to an employee depends on their professional qualifications and the number of years of service. Each pay grade is
further subdivided into levels. Entry-level employees with no previous experience will initially be assigned a level 1 rating. After one year at
level 1 of the E10 pay grade, an employee will move up to level 2. After a further two years, the employee will move to level 3, etc.

Close collaboration with other research groups at the interface of molecular biology and computer science

Your academic qualifications:

Completed scientific university studies in bioinformatics, computer science, molecular biology or a related

discipline.

The successful candidate will also be expected to:

Proficient knowledge in programming, software development and algorithms (R / Python or similar)
Experience with UNIX-based operating systems and their CLI tools is an advantage
Experience in statistics and machine learning is desired, but not required
Experience with *-omics data analysis and experience with single-cell analyses are desired, but not required
Independently work on novel and complex topics
Have an expressed interest in the field of epigenomics and gene regulation
Teach in the Bachelor & Master bioinformatics and biology programs and co-supervise final theses
Have excellent verbal and written communication skills in the English language (German is not a requirement)

What we can offer you:

A flexible work schedule allowing you to balance work and family
A broad range of further education and professional development programmes
An occupational health management model with numerous attractive options, such as our university sports

programme

Supplementary pension scheme (RZVK)
Discounted tickets on local public transport services (‘Jobticket‘)

We look forward to receiving your application (including a letter of motivation, a current CV, references, certificates

of completed degrees and transcripts of completed university courses).

Please quote reference number W2315 when applying. Applications must be received by no later than 31 October

2023 and should be sent to the following address:

Universität des Saarlandes

Herr Jun.-Prof. Dr. Fabian Müller

Integrative Cellular Biology and Bioinformatics

Email: fabian.mueller@uni-saarland.de

If you have any questions, please contact us by Email for assistance.

Pay grade classification is based on the particular details of the position held and the extent to which the applicant meets the

requirements of the pay grade within the TV-L salary scale. Part-time employment is generally possible.

If you have obtained a foreign university degree, a proof of the equivalence of this degree with a German degree by the

Zentralstelle für ausländisches Bildungswesen (ZAB) is needed before hiring. If necessary, please apply for this in time. You can

find more information at https://www.kmk.org/zeugnisbewertung.

Unfortunately, neither costs for attending an interview at Saarland University nor costs for any certificate evaluation by the ZAB

can be reimbursed in principle.

We welcome applications regardless of gender, nationality, ethnic and social origin, religion/belief, disability, age, and sexual

orientation and identity. In accordance with its policy of increasing the proportion of women, the University actively encourages

applications from women. Applications from severely disabled persons will be given preferential consideration in the event of

equal suitability.

When you submit a job application to Saarland University you will be transmitting personal data. Please refer to our privacy notice

for information on how we collect and process personal data in accordance with Art. 13 of the Datenschutz-Grundverordnung. By

submitting your application you confirm that you have taken note of the information in the Saarland University privacy notice.

Diesen Job melden