Team Lead Tech & Data Engineering (f/m/x)
Ada Health GmbH
Berlin
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

ABOUT US

At Ada, we envision a world where everyone has access to the healthcare they need. In one of the biggest challenges facing the world, we pioneered a new form of artificial intelligence, combining medical knowledge with intelligent technology to empower millions of people to better understand their health. We're proud to support medical doctors and work with leading health systems and global non-profit organizations. We're a diversely skilled team representing 50+ nationalities, and we're growing rapidly to achieve our global ambitions for the future of health. This is just the beginning.




ABOUT THE ROLE

We are seeking an experienced hands-on Team Lead Tech & Data Engineering to join our team. The successful candidate will be responsible for managing a team of data engineers and overseeing the development of our data pipeline infrastructure. They will also be responsible for ensuring that our data pipeline is robust, reliable, and efficient, while adhering to GDPR and Personal Health Information (PHI) compliance standards.




WHAT YOU WILL DO :

Lead a team of data engineers and oversee the development of our data pipeline infrastructure.
Ensure that our data pipeline is robust, reliable, and efficient while adhering to GDPR and Personal Health Information (PHI) compliance standards.
Work closely with other teams to ensure that data is properly ingested, processed, and transformed for use in models and analytics.
Design and implement data integration solutions using programming languages such as Python and Java.
Develop, maintain, and monitor ETL processes using Apache Airflow to ensure data quality.
Manage the deployment of data pipelines using tools such as Jenkins and Terraform.
Collaborate with other teams to ensure that data is accessible and available for reporting and analytics.
Write complex SQL queries and perform database management tasks to ensure data quality and integrity.
Stay up to date with the latest technologies and industry trends in data engineering and incorporate them into our processes.



WHAT YOU WILL BRING :

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
5+ years of experience in data engineering.
Strong leadership skills and experience managing a team of Data Engineers
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate with other teams.
Hands-on experience with data engineering using Python
Experience with cloud-based data warehousing and big data platforms, such as GCS.
Knowledge of GDPR and PHI compliance standards and experience implementing compliant data engineering processes.
Strong SQL skills and experience with database management.
Familiarity with Kubernetes, Apache Airflow, Jenkins, and other container orchestration and automation tools.
Understanding of data analytics and basic knowledge of Tableau or other visualization tools.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
You speak fluent English.




WHAT'S AWAITING YOU AT ADA :

Join our global health mission to improve health of billions of people around the world
Work in an international environment (55+ nationalities) and with real doctors
Work with cross-functional & diverse teams of smart, purpose-driven peers
Work wherever you feel most comfortable – home, office, or a bit of both
Receive financial support to help set up your home office space
Enjoy your country specific vacation days to unplug, rest and recharge
Maintain a healthy work-life balance with our flexible working hours and locations
Meet and collaborate with colleagues via community days, virtual coffee chats, company parties, team celebrations



CONTACT

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us at talent@ada.com.

Please note that we do NOT accept applications sent via email. All applications need to be completed using the online form.

All your information will be kept confidential according to GDPR guidelines.

Any commercial activities concerning this advertisement will not be appreciated.
Diesen Job melden