IT Delivery Manager
Awin
Hannover
Erstellen Sie ein Indeed-Konto, bevor Sie zur Website des Unternehmens weitergeleitet werden.
Weiter zur Bewerbung

Purpose of position
Align requirements and deliverables strategically across multiple departments in a streamlined
manner. Act as a technical product owner or project manager for cross-functional squads and help to
deliver key tech projects in a fast and efficient way.


Key Tasks & accountabilities

Be a visible contact person for other departments who want to collaborate with Business
Technology.

Take ownership for technical programmes and large projects, work with temporary and
permanent teams (e.g. squads) to focus and deliver on it and establish supporting structures
to transform into a state of continuous improvement after the initial delivery is done.

Manage relationships with stakeholders inside and outside of the company including their
expectations, communication of progress, risks and collecting requirements.

Plan and design projects, ensure there is allocation of common resources and skills within
the programme. Strive to resolve issues, initiate appropriate corrective action and progress
monitoring. Manage risks and business change.

Discover process shortcomings and inefficient project management. Derive solutions and
provide support to project teams. Act as a sparring partner to both your peers and your
supervisor in order to create, improve and standardise frameworks and best practices.

Drive the adoption of agile methodology in tech teams as well as modern ways of working
across Business Technology.

Skills & Expertise

Experience in working with cross-functional teams including technical teams and business
stakeholders

Experience in influencing and driving project meetings and gather business and company
requirements

Experience in delivering transformational projects and programmes of work, process and
change management. Proven track record as a project manager or product manager and
familiar with project management methods

Very Strong knowledge of agile development processes and current best practices especially
in the area of product management. Ideally experience in rolling out agile methodology
guided setups across multiple teams (current product owner certification).

Experience working in IT Operations, data science and/or systems engineering (4+ years)
Strong interest in current technology topics like AI and Cloud Services (Experience in AWS is a
plus)

Experience in leading and guiding people in project teams without direct line management
(2+ years)

Experience working in a fast-moving environment, dealing with ambiguity and change
Strong analytical skills, solution driven and results oriented. Able to independently pre-empt,
structure ambiguous problems and take action to solve them

Collaborative attitude and superb organizational skills, a problem solving mindset and the
ability to make project decisions combined with a get-things-done mentality

Comfortable in a senior management environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills, fluent in English



Our Offer
Flexi-Week and Work-Life Balance: We prioritise your mental health and wellbeing, offering you a flexible four-day Flexi-Week at full pay and with no reduction to your annual holiday allowance. We also offer a variety of different paid special leaves.
Flexi-Office: Do you prefer to work from our cool office, from home, or in a completely different environment? With us, the choice is yours. We offer the flexibility to work wherever you want within our Awin locations.
Welfare: We provide you with a life assurance, travel insurance and a private health insurance that covers several types of health, vision, and dental treatments. Furthermore, you can take advantage of our Cycle to Work Scheme or Season Ticket Loan.
Health & Well Being: With our support and access to various initiatives and sports offers, you can devote yourself to your mental and physical well-being.
Development: We've built our extensive training suite Awin Academy to cover a wide range of skills that nurture you professionally and personally, with trainings conveniently packaged together to support your overall development. You can also improve your English skills by participating in our local language course.
Remote Working: You will receive a monthly allowance to cover part of your running costs. In addition, we will support you in setting up your remote workspace appropriately.
Appreciation: Thank and reward colleagues by sending them a voucher through our peer-to-peer program and show your appreciation for colleagues who have gone the extra mile to support you.
Established in 2000, Awin is proud of our dynamic, social and inclusive culture.
Like all businesses, we've had to adapt and nurture our culture in a virtual environment. Our virtual 'Life @ Awin' hub brings our colleagues from across the globe together for various social activities.
Diversity & Inclusion are paramount to us, and we proudly pursue and hire diverse team members. We champion uniqueness and authenticity; this is who we are at our core. Our network of affiliate partnerships are diverse and transparent, as are the employees powering our vision to build the world's leading open partner ecosystem. We welcome all backgrounds, identities, and experiences. If you need support at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
Diesen Job melden